Generated Summary 1:
Summary: I think the novelty of the proposed methods is not striking. The proposed method looks like a direct implementation of a Gaussian process with deep kernel learning in the meta learning setting (through the form of NP): just including the global representation vector mathbbr into the mean and the covariance functions for a GP. 2. The descriptions (in Introduction) related the reference [Bruinsma et al., 2021] looks a little bit confusing. First, the name “Gaussian Neural Process” (and the concept of modeling a Gaassian predictive using neural networks) is already introduced in the reference paper.
Gold Metareview 1:
This paper proposes a class of neural processes that lifts the limitations of conditional neural processes (CNPs) and produces dependent/correlated outputs but that, as CNPs, is inherently scalable and it is easy to train via maximum likelihood. The proposed model is extended to multi-output regression and to capture non-Gaussian output distributions. Results are presented on synthetic data, an electroencephalogram dataset and on a climate modeling problem. The paper parameterizes the prediction map as a Gaussian, where the mean and covariance are determined using neural networks. Non-Gaussian prediction maps are obtained using copulas. 

Technically speaking, the reviewers found the approach to be incremental and only marginally significant and I agree with them. Issues such as estimates of computational cost, using fixed lengthscales for the covariances and relationships/using normalizing flows have been addressed by the authors satisfactorily. Empirically, the contribution of the paper is somewhat significant, as it provides similar flexibility to other more computationally expensive processes and more general assumptions than conditional neural processes.

Generated Summary 2:
Summary: Confidence: 3: You are fairly confident in your assessment of this paper. It is possible that you did not understand some parts of the submission or that you are unfamiliar with some pieces of related work. Math/other details were not carefully checked. This paper conducts a series of experiments aimed at answering the question of when we should switch between exploitation and exploration and how long to stay in each exploration mode during RL learning. It proposes new ways to explore the subject, especially with intra-episodic exploration variants. It presents a large body of study results (10 pages of appendices!!), and concludes with very thought-provoking suggestions and discussions. As positive points we can cite the wide related bibliography, from analogies with the animal system (human included) of exploring to other techniques such as the use of options.
Gold Metareview 2:
Exploration can happen at various levels of granularity and at different times during an episode,  and this work performs a study of the problem of exploration (when to explore/when to switch between exploring and exploitation, at what time-scale to do so, and what signals would be good triggers to switch). The study is performed on atari games.

Strenghts:
------------
The study is well motivated and the manuscript is overall well written
Studies a new problem area, and proposes an initial novel method for this problem
extensive study on atari problems

Weaknesses
--------------
some clarity issues as pointed out by the reviewers
no illustrative task is given to give a more intuitive exposition of the "when to explore" problem
comparison to some extra baselines like GoExplore would have been insightful

Rebuttal:
----------
Most clarity issues have been addressed satisfactorily. It has been explained why some requests for extra baselines would be challenging/or not relevant enough. While the authors agree that GoExplore would be an interesting baseline, they seem to have not added it. An illustrative task was not provided.

Summary:
------------
All reviewers agree that this manuscript opens up and tackles a novel direction in exploration, and provides an extensive empirical study on atari games (a standard benchmark for such problem settings). While I agree with the reviewers that point out that this paper could have been made stronger by adding an illustrative task and additional baselines like GoExplore, there is a general consensus that the provided empirical study on this novel problem setting is a good contribution in itself. Because of this I recommend accept.

Generated Summary 3:
IGSD is a self-distillation based graph augmentation mechanism to alleviate the drawbacks of existing unsupervised MI based models w.r.t. their high dependency towards negative sampling. However it would have been better if the system designs and significant difference of the proposed model from existing work are discussed. Graph-level representations with only labels have been explored by many works. However, it's not easy to annotate every graph. This paper applies the ideas from semi-supervised classification task to improve the representation quality learned by graph neural network.
Gold Metareview 3:
This paper proposes an unsupervised graph learning method [Iterative Graph Self-Distillation (IGSD)] by iteratively performing self-distillation to contrast graph pairs under different augmented views. This idea is then extended to semi-supervised setting where via a supervised contrastive loss and self-training. The method is empirically evaluated on some semi-supervised graph classification and molecular property prediction tasks, and has achieved promising results.

Reviewers agree that the method is interesting and the paper is well-written. The biggest concern from reviewers related to experimental evaluations of the method. The authors responded to this and included additional experiments. Although the reviewers appreciate the provided results and explanations, at the end they were not convinced about the empirical assessments. In particular, R1's post rebuttal comment indicates concerns about the reported performance of GCKN, which is different from the published one in Table 1 of GCKN paper. I encourage authors to improve on these experimental discrepancies and resubmit. 

Generated Summary 4:
This paper provides a compelling theoretical explanation for a large class of adversarial examples. However, it is unlikely such analysis is significant. This analysis only seems to work for "well-behaved" models. For models with gradient masking, obfuscated gradients or even non-differentiable models. It is unclear how this specific gradient based analysis can help the understanding of the adversity phenomena.
Gold Metareview 4:
This paper suggests that adversarial vulnerability scales with the dimension of the input of neural networks, and support this hypothesis theoretically and experimentally. 

The work is well-written, and all of the reviewers appreciated the easy-to-read and clear nature of the theoretical results, including the assumptions and limitations. (The AC did not consider the criticisms raised by Reviewer 3 justified. The norm-bound perturbations considered here are a sufficiently interesting unsolved problem in the community and a clear prerequisite to solving the broader network robustness problem.) 

However, many of the reviewers also agreed that the theoretical assumptions - and, in particular, the random initialization of the weights - greatly oversimplify the problem. Reviewers point out that the lack of data dependence and only considering the norm of the gradient considerably limit the significance of the corresponding theoretical results, and also does not properly address the issue of gradient masking. 

Generated Summary 5:
I think this paper is a solid contribution to the problem of learning to play a Nash equilibrium in two-player, zero-sum Markov games. It tackles a hard problem and makes solid progress. Overall, the presentation, while dense, is clear. However, there are a few issues that could need additional discussion: 1) Why does the uniqueness of the Nash equilibria not matter to the results? Quite a bit of prior work has had caveats when they are not unique. The results seem to hold if the assumptions are true for at least one equilibrium, presumably because of the minimax properties in a zero -sum setting, but I’m not quite clear how this interacts with the assumptions. For example, if one The authors present a smooth fictitious self-play algorithm where each player adopts an entropy-regularized policy optimization method
Gold Metareview 5:
The paper shows that a form of Fictitious Self-Play converges to the Nash equilibria in Markov games. Understanding the theoretical properties of Fictitious Self-Play is important, however the paper in its current form is not ready for publication. The paper needs a more thorough discussion on related works, the assumptions made, and as pointed out by Reviewer3, the convergence argument needs to be expanded and explained in more detail. Further, I encourage authors to add experiments and compare their algorithm with other methods. 

Generated Summary 6:
Rating: 5: Borderline accept: Technically solid paper where reasons to accept outweigh reasons to reject, e.g., limited evaluation. Confidence: 4: You are confident in your assessment, but not absolutely certain, that you did not understand some parts of the submission or that you are unfamiliar with some pieces of related work. This paper presents a method for source-free unsupervised domain adaptation (SFUDA) task. The key idea is to combine the advantages of global alignment [1] and feature consistency [2]. The authors divided the target data into source-like and target-specific samples and treat them by different learning methods. The authors demonstrate extensive experiments on three datasets and verify the performance of the proposed method.
Gold Metareview 6:
This paper proposes a relatively complicated method for source-free unsupervised domain adaptation, which integrates several techniques into a divide and contrast framework. The idea of dividing the target data into source-like subset and target-specific subset and employing global alignment and feature consistency for each subset is novel when the source data is inaccessible. The contrastive learning and memory-based MMD are novel in the context of source-free domain adaptation and introduce theoretical benefits in terms of the expansion theory and domain alignment theory, respectively. Reviewers were on the positive side while holding some concerns on the marginal improvement over the SoTA methods, which were addressed in the author rebuttal. AC generally agreed that the paper has introduced a novel and solid contribution to the field, with a nice connection between algorithmic methods and theoretical insights, and  recommended the paper for acceptance. Authors are suggested to incorporate all rebuttal material in the revision and if possible, to work out a recipe for easing the adoption of their relatively complicated framework that comes with many modules and loss terms.

Generated Summary 7:
Positives: --- The problem is interesting. The notation is a bit cumbersome at times, but it is the case for most papers on SMC. The writing is mostly clear. The experiments include a linear Gaussian state-space model and recurrent neural networks on polyphonic music datasets. The fact that SMC with partial rejection control can still produce unbiased estimators of the marginal likelihood was described by Kudlicka, Murray, Schoen, Lindsten,
Gold Metareview 7:
This paper explores the use of partial rejection control (PRC) for improved SMC-based variational bounds. While an unbiased SMC variant with PRC has been previously introduced by Kudlicka et al. (2020), this work introduces innovations that can help apply such ideas to variational inference. These bounds result in improvements in empirical performance. 

This paper was heavily discussed, with significant engagement by both the authors and the reviewers. Most reviewers recommended acceptance of this paper, with one reviewer (R4) recommending against acceptance. R4's central concerns regard the novelty of the proposed approach and its positioning relative to the existing SMC literature. The authors argued vigorously in the comments that this paper should be judged as a contribution to the VI literature and not the SMC literature.  Unfortunately, I will recommend that this paper is rejected. It is my opinion that R4's concerns were not fully addressed.

On the one hand, I agree with the authors that there is significant value to be had in exploring variants of SMC for VI. Indeed, some prior art, like FIVO and IWAE, contributed little to the Monte Carlo literature. I believe that these were good contributions.

On the other hand, I am concerned that the current draft does not clearly circumscribe its contributions. I read the sections that disuss the works of Schmon et al. (2019) and Kudlicka et al. (2020), and the writing did not leave me with a clear enough sense of the differences. I also read the abstract and introduction of the paper. The introduction of the paper positions this work clearly within the VI literature, but does not clearly discuss prior SMC art, e.g., it does not cite Kudlicka et al. (2020). Despite citing rejection control for SMC, the writing of the abstract and introduction left me with the impression that this work was the first to introduce *unbiased, partial* rejection control for SMC. I believe that impressions matter and that the machine learning community should be generous to adjacent communities when assigning credit.

I realize that my decision is a matter of taste. I also want to say that I am confident that the authors have a clear sense of where their contribution sits, and I suspect that it is a valuable contribution. However, I cannot recommend the draft in its current form. If this is a contribution to the VI literature, as the authors argue, then the authors should not hesitate to give full credit to prior SMC art. My reading of the current draft still leaves me confused about which aspects of the SMC estimator are actual contributions.

Generated Summary 8:
A meta-learning algorithm with bootstrapped meta-gradients that can be used to extend the meta learning horizon without increasing the number of updates steps through which we must backpropagate, and that behavioural parameters outside of the update rule (e.g., epsilon-gree) can also be used. This paper broadly considers meta- learning, a.k.a. bilevel optimization. The authors aim to resolve two issues with the standard outer-loop gradient-based optimization of the meta-parameters (assuming a differentiable inner loop).
Gold Metareview 8:
This paper addresses a meta-learning method which involves bilevel optimization. It is claimed that two limitations (myopia of MG and restricted consideration of geometry of search space) that most of existing methods have can be resolved by the MBG with a properly chosen pseudo-metric. The algorithm first bootstraps a target from the meta- learner, then optimizes the meta-learner by minimizing the distance to that target under a chosen pseudo-metric. The authors also establish conditions that guarantee performance improvements and show that metric can be sued to control meta-optimization. All the reviewers agree that the idea is interesting and experiments well support it. Authors did a good job in the rebuttal phase, resolving most of concerns raised by reviewers, leading that two of reviewers raised their score. While the current theoretical results are limited to a simple case where L=1$, the method is attractive for meta-learning community. All reviewers agree to champion this paper. Congratulations on a nice work.

Generated Summary 9:
I think the paper in its current form takes us closer to understanding what made the Complementary planners work well in IPC 2018. Furthermore, the experiment section is missing many essential comparisons, making it impossible to judge how the algorithms compare to previous work. - ed. Franco et al. (2017). Automatic pattern generation for PDB heuristics: a review and meta-analysis of a new approach to the problem.
Gold Metareview 9:
Dear Authors,
thank you very much for your submission. We are happy to inform you that
we have decided to accept it and we look forward to your talk in the workshop.
Please, go over the feedback in the reviews and correct or update your papers
in time for the camera ready date (May 24). In particular, please address the
comments raised by both reviewers regarding clarity, discussion of related work,
and additional experimental results, by making use of the additional space (9 pages) 
allowed by HSDIP.
Best regards
HSDIP organizers

Generated Summary 10:
A solid paper that addresses the challenge of learning a supervised ML model capable of identifying and adapting to different environments hidden in the training data. This paper is a solid, moderate-to-high impact paper, with no major concerns with respect to evaluation, resources, reproducibility, ethical considerations. The authors present a very flexible and effective learning framework, incorporating the main strengths of the previously introduced models and surpassing many of the limitations thereof.
Gold Metareview 10:
This work presents a novel environment-free invariant learning method that uses an auxiliary network to learn environment-specific features, from which environment inferences can be derived. The method is composed of two jointly learned models, that take care of the environment identification, the learning of the invariant representations, and the label predictions, produced by a multi-headed neural network. The proposed model is compared to different alternative models from the literature of the field, in different challenging benchmarks, and the results show that it closely achieves the best possible invariant learning performance.

After some initial discussions, all reviewers agreed that this work is ready for publication, as the work addresses an important problem, presents good empirical results, and will be of significant interest to the community. 


Generated Summary 11:
Rating: 7: Good paper, accept confidence: 3: The reviewer is fairly confident that the evaluation is correct This paper provides a good introduction to traffic signal control, and a set of RL algorithms that can be used in RL settings. However, it is not clear why this restriction is present for the new contributions made in this paper. The main weakness of this paper is that its main contribution, the benchmark, is provided under a no-derivatives license. This makes it illegal for other researchers to build on this work by modifying the provided code, which drastically decreases the value of the contribution. [S1] This paper introduces a benchmark for RL-based control of traffic lights. The primary advantages touted over existing work include: use of the SUMO simulator; traffic scenarios based on real-world road layouts and traffic levels; a standard Gym interface; and an array of reference algorithms for the proposed
Gold Metareview 11:
All the reviewers appreciate the value of the proposed benchmarks. The remaining concerns seem addressable. I recommend accepting the paper while asking the authors to incorporate the review feedback into the camera-ready paper.

Generated Summary 12:
This paper builds upon previous work on the Boolean Task Algebra For Reinforcement Learning extending it to the discounted and stochastic tasks and to the lifelong RL setup. The authors show that techniques introduce in the previous work can perform close to optimal in a zero-shot transfer scenario. Next, they look into the number of skills needed in order to solve all the tasks and arrive at some lower bounds which are encouraging since they are close to log|G|, this is somewhat supported by empirical analysis later on. Within the problem formulation, the empirical method works well enough. The background session 2.1. is missing the Lemma 1 from previous work which is crucial to building its intuition and recover This paper provides an interesting direction in the field of skill composition in reinforcement learning (RL)
Gold Metareview 12:
I thank the authors for their submission and active participation in the discussions. This papers is borderline. On the positive side, reviewers emphasized this is a well written [ovqB,1zPe] and sound paper [BUDa] with good theoretical [td5N,ovqB,1zPe] and empirical [BUDa,td5N,ovqB] results. On the negative side, reviewers remarked clarity [KyZj,AVki], incremental with respect to Tasse et al (2020) [KyZj], relatively restricted Boolean task algebra [td5N], toyish nature of the environments considered [ovqB], and some missing details [1zPe]. During discussion, the sentiment seems to be somewhat lukewarm with none of the reviewers strongly favoring acceptance or rejection. It seems the main remaining concern is around the toyish nature of the environments used in this paper. I acknowledge that and I believe the authors could include experiments on more complex environments. However, I also give the authors credit for addressing most of the reviewer's concerns during rebuttal and for presenting a solid empirical and theoretical result that the research community can build upon in the future. I am therefore recommending acceptance of this paper and highly encourage the authors to further improve their paper based on the reviewer feedback.

Generated Summary 13:
Rejecting this paper. I'm skeptical of the claim that "the algorithms are barely hampered by even infinitely large state-action sets." I feel that the authors should spend more space in Section 4 instead of Section 5. It would be helpful if authors can provide interpretation of the theorems and detailed comparison with existing results. And it would be nicer to provide examples that satisfy the assumptions made in Section 2.
Gold Metareview 13:
This paper explores the performance of Q-learning in the presence of either one-sided feedback or full feedback. Such feedbacks play an important role in improving the resulting regret bounds, which are (almost) not affected by the dimension of the state and action space. The motivation of such feedback settings stems from problems like inventory control. However, the assumptions underlying the theory herein are often quite strong, which might limit the applicability of the theory. The dependency on the length per episode H can also be improved.   

Generated Summary 14:
5: Good paper, accept confidence: 3: The reviewer is confident but not absolutely certain that the evaluation is correct This paper categorizes existing NLP backdoor learning work into three practical scenarios and provides evaluation metrics not only considering ASR/CACC, but also stealthy and semantic-preserving of poisoned text. It also open-sourced the toolkit openbackdoor for implementations. It provides a good observation on the lack of standard evaluation approaches for different backdooring attacks and defences for deep learning of textual models.
Gold Metareview 14:
This work provides evaluations on serveral backdoor attacks and defenses on NLP data. The evaluation can be further improved by discussing related defenses, maintaining high quality and clear documentation, and discussing the stealthiness of the attacks.

Generated Summary 15:
This paper studies the effectiveness of using the restricted computational model class of low-degree polynomials for assessing statistical-computation gaps for high-dimensional statistical inference problems. Using the problem of reconstruction on trees, the authors identify problem settings for which average-case reconstruction is impossible using low - degree polynomies yet reconstruction is possible with computationally efficient methods. Strengths (major): Excellent paper, with novel ideas, and excellent evaluation, resources, and reproducibility, and no unaddressed ethical considerations. The topic of this paper is completely out of my area, and any technical comments I make will probably be unfair to the authors.
Gold Metareview 15:
This paper studies using low-degree polynomials for analyzing statistical/computational gaps for high-dimensional inference problems and identify average-case settings that exhibit this gap.  This is a nice paper and above the bar, though it perhaps appeal to only a theoretical audience.

Generated Summary 16:
IMPLANT> CONS ==== I do not see how this algorithm is an MPC framework: where is the action/control law computed in lines 7-16 of Algorithm 1? What did the authors mean in line 11 when they wrote, "First action a_0(i) pi_theta ... ". I am concerned that the reward function in equation (4) is just a restatement of the optimality principle and do NOT see why this ...
Gold Metareview 16:
The reviewers highly appreciated the replies and the additional experiments. We also had a private discussion on the paper. To summarize: the replies alleviated quite a few concerns, however the consensus was that the paper still does not meet the bar for a highly competitive conference like ICLR.

The idea of combining MPC (on a 'wrong' model)  with a learned cost function is very interesting and a promising direction. On the downside the reviewers are still not entirely convinced about the contribution and believe that the paper requires a significant re-write to incorporate the discussed points as well as an additional round of reviews.

Generated Summary 17:
A review of differentially private generative models, including a supervised model and a synthetic data model that is good for downstream tasks. The main issue is that we cannot draw a clear conclusion from the experimental results. There is no clear contribution from the technical part, especially the experiments, to this paper's review of the current differentiallyprivate generative model. The technical part is very short and not in-depth. It is hard to judge whether the main claim is that a paper presents a survey of the present differentially public generating models.
Gold Metareview 17:
The paper surveys existing differentially private data synthesis
methods, and introduces an algorithm that learns both a generator and
a classifier in a differentially private mode.

The problem is highly timely and important. Results are promising.

Main remaining concerns after discussion between the reviewers and the
authors are:

- reason why the proposed scheme can give better classification
accuracy, should be clarified more

- unclarity on conclusions that can be drawn from the experiments. The
revised version has improved on this somewhat.

One explanation for the problems was suggested to be that the paper
tries, at the same time, to both present a new method and be a
survey. Is hard to do in a short paper, and as a result, the paper
lacks focus. At the very least, more work is needed.

The authors are encouraged to continue their work on this
important problem, and the review comments hopefully help in that.


Generated Summary 18:
This paper evaluates a set of methods for time-series anomaly detection, including RNNs among the considered techniques. There are dozens of methods to consider. The empirical results are not convincing. The data complexity of time series data is not properly defined and quantified. Anomaly detection in time series is an important problem. The authors propose to compare recurrent and static outlier detection methodologies on multiple synthetic and real-world temporal datasets. However, the results need to be further developed to understand the significance of the results.
Gold Metareview 18:
This paper has been reviewed by four experts. Their independent evaluations were consistent, all recommended rejection. I agree with that assessment as this paper is not ready for publication at ICLR in its current form. The reviewers have provided the authors with ample constructive feedback and the authors have been encouraged to consider this feedback if they choose to continue the work on this topic.

Generated Summary 19:
### Strengths: - The paper is well written and well organized, with clear assumptions and, at each step, the assumptions and statements are described in an intuitive way. ### Weaknesses: The paper ends abruptly. Perhaps some of the problem setting and notation could be abbreviated or moved to the appendix. Theoretical and empirical proofs of FedAvg's ability to learn more generalizable representations than distributed SGD are presented in this paper, which is largely theoretical, with a strong theoretical contribution.
Gold Metareview 19:
This work provides an analysis explaining why FedAvg can produce more generalizable representations than distributed SGD. Theoretical guarantees are presented for a multi-task linear regression setting and further empirical results demonstrate the effectiveness of learning representations with image classification tasks. The theoretical analysis presented can be an important building block for the study of more complex settings in federated optimization. All reviewers recommend acceptance.

Please take the (few) suggestions by the reviewer into account, and also incorporate the explanations and clarifications provided during the rebuttal in the camera ready version.


Generated Summary 20:
3: Good paper, accept confidence: 2: The reviewer is willing to defend the evaluation, but it is quite likely that the reviewer didn't understand central parts of the paper. 3: Marginally above acceptance threshold: confidence: 3: A good paper based on a 4 out of 5 rating from the American Psychological Association. 4: a good paper with a strong argument for the use of orthogonal regulariser for quantised neural networks.
Gold Metareview 20:
The reviewers agree the paper brings a novel perspective by controlling the conditioning of the model when performing quantization.  The experiments are convincing experiments. We encourage the authors to incorporate additional references suggested in the reviews. We recommend acceptance. 

Generated Summary 21:
I think this work lacks notable originality and novelty. The motivation of the work is good; the motivation is good, but the paper could not adequately address this challenge and the authors’ contribution is quite limited. The authors reported their experimental results for two datasets, i.e., dSprites and CelebA. Confidence: 4: You are confident in your assessment, but not absolutely certain, that you did not understand some parts of the submission or that you are unfamiliar with some pieces of related work.
Gold Metareview 21:
This paper presents a method for unsupervised learning of disentangled representations by first training a VAE with a tangled set of latents, and then sequentially learning disentangled latent variables one at a time from the entangled initial VAE latent space. On several toy disentanglement benchmarks, the method is shown to perform competitively with previous VAE and GAN approaches. 

There were several concerns from reviewers around the clarity and description of the proposed one-factor-at a time (OAT) training procedure. While the updated draft addressed several typos and some clarity issues, multiple reviewers continued to find the method description problematic. There were additional concerns around the viability of the method on real-world datasets where the number of factors are not known, and as the authors stated the proposed method can also result in one factor of variation encoded into mulitple latent variables, which hurts on many of the disentanglement metrics.  The addition of CelebA downstream task evaluation begins to address this concern of real-world data, but more rigorous experiments (including more description of how models were selected) and discussion of the limtiations of the proposed method are needed. There is also no theoretical motivation as to why the proposed intervention-based factor learning algorithm should recover the ground truth factors.

Given the concerns over experimental results, clarity, and lack of theoretical motivation, I suggest rejecting this paper in the current form.

Generated Summary 22:
confidence: 4: The reviewer is confident but not absolutely certain that the evaluation is correct - 2D animation data are expensive to collect since they have different characteristics with 3D animations. Simply projecting 3D cartoons to 2D are not sufficient so that the author proposes a novel approach to make 2D Cartoons for 3D. Compared to previous datasets, AnimeRun is larger and composed of better cartoon qualities.
Gold Metareview 22:
This paper presents a rich dataset aimed at creating supervision for 2D cartoon tasks. The dataset is created by procedurally converting open source 3D computer graphics movies/shorts into "flattened" 2D frames. Care is taken in describing both the motivation and limitations of this approach. In an area with a dearth of good data, this paper's contributions are warmly welcomed. Reviews appreciated these aspects of the paper while highlighting potential weaknesses that appear addressed in the revisions. I recommend accepting this paper to the NeurIPS 2022 Datasets and Benchmarks program.

Generated Summary 23:
Positives: A solid paper with no major concerns with regard to evaluation, resources, reproducibility, ethical considerations, and a strong contribution to the literature on combinatorial semi-bandits. This paper proposes new smoothness conditions and algorithms that use tailored confidence intervals to address this problem. The authors develop a variance-aware UCB-style algorithm based on the empirical Bernstein inequality and show its regret improves existing work.
Gold Metareview 23:
Thank the authors for their submission.

The paper studies combinatorial multi-armed bandit with probabilistically triggered arms. That is an MAB setting in which, at each round, the learner chooses a subset of the arms and obtains a reward that is some function of expected rewards of the chosen arms. In addition, the learner only observes feedback on a random subset of her chosen arms (triggered arms). 

The paper relaxes a smoothness assumption laid by a previous work, and further improves the dependence on K in the regret bound, where K is the batch size (maximum number of triggered arms)
The authors provide computationally-efficient algorithms that are based on Bernstein concentration inequality, facilitating the improved bounds. 
The paper is well-written and organized, and the theoretical results are sound.

Generated Summary 24:
Confidence: 4: You are confident in your assessment, but not absolutely certain, that you did not understand some parts of the submission or that you are unfamiliar with some pieces of related work. The authors develop an ensemble-based procedure for semi-supervised novelty detection (SSND). It utilizes a mixture of unlabeled ID and OOD samples to perform on near OOD data. A regularization technique is further used to promote diversity on the oOD data while preserving agreement on ID data. Validation set is a subset of ID. It is not a valid set.
Gold Metareview 24:
The authors propose a semi-supervised novelty detection method which tries to identify out-of-distribution samples in the unlabeled data (consisting of in- and out-distribution samples) using a disagreement score of an ensemble. The ensemble is generated by fine-tuning the trained classiifer on the labeled training data plus the unlabeled data which all get a fixed label (which is repeated several times to generate the ensemble). The main idea is that one uses early stopping based on an in-distribution validation set in order to avoid overfitting on the unlabeled points which allows then identification of the out-distribution points via the disagreement score.

The reviewers appreciated the simplicity of the approach and the extensive experimental results. The authors did a good job in trying to answer all questions and concerns of the reviewers. 

However, some concerns remained:
- the setting assumes that the OOD data is fixed which was considered as partially unrealistic and thus evaluation of the OOD detection performance on unseen OOD distributions was requested in order to understand the limitations of the method (this was only partially done by the authors). 
- the theoretical result is for a two-layer network and completely based on previous work. As the authors use much deeper networks later on in the experiments, this result cannot be used to theoretically justify the approach. 
- there remained concerns about the necessary diversity of the ensemble and the early stopping procedure

While I think that the paper has its merits, it is not yet ready for publication. I encourage the authors to to take into account the above points and other remaining concerns of the reviewers in a revised version.

Generated Summary 25:
This paper firstly studies the dimensional collapse problem in existing contrastive learning methods. The authors provided both empirical and theoretical results to reveal that the popular SimCLR method may incur dimension collapse by showing the low-rank property of the covariance. They thus propose a simple sub-vector based CL method called DirectCLR. In 4.2 GRADIENT FLOW DYNAMICS, what is the meaning of $X$ in Eq. 6?
Gold Metareview 25:
The theory and results presented in this paper provide a new method to avoid collapse in contrastive learning.  All but one reviewer recommend acceptance.  The lone negative reviewer is concerned with the limited experiments, but the other reviewers, and the AC, find the experimentation convincing enough to warrant acceptance.

Generated Summary 26:
## Acceptable: Technically solid paper, with no major concerns with respect to evaluation, resources, reproducibility, ethical considerations, and the general idea that hyperparameter selection is an important issue for almost all machine learning tasks, but it is especially challenging for unsupervised tasks such as deep OC. ## Confidence: 3: You are fairly confident in your assessment. Deep OC methods are not as effective as they should be, especially on relatively complex datasets.
Gold Metareview 26:
This paper empirically demonstrates the sensitivity of unsupervised OD methods to hyperparameters and proposes ensembles of models with differing hyperparameters along with training techniques based on weight sharing to do so efficiently. 

The authors provided additional experiments to answer some reviewer's major concerns regarding the (meta-)HP robustness of the ensemble methods. While there are natural fluctuations with respect to the (meta) hyperparameters, a larger number of hyperparameters included usually resulted in a close to optimal AUROC.

Another concern for two reviewers was the extendability of the efficient ensemble training techniques to other models such as GANs etc. As the authors replied, even though skip connections might not be adaptable to other techniques, e.g. for ensembling various widths, zero-masked layers with BatchEnsemble would also be broadly applicable to ensemble-learn other unsupervised representation learning models. Perhaps in the final version, the authors further discuss with a short experiment how the AE-specific scaling techniques add to the performance.

A further concern was the lack of theoretical underpinning about the (meta)HP-robustness. Given that the reviewers agree that this paper provides ample empirical evidence and praise the experimental value, we think theoretical work (providing HP sensitivity results is highly nontrivial in general, let alone for neural networks) can be part of future work but the lack of it in the current manuscript should not prevent the publication of this work.

Generated Summary 27:
7: Accept: Technically solid paper, with good-to-excellent evaluation, resources, reproducibility, and no unaddressed ethical considerations. Math/other details were not carefully checked. This paper provides the first last-iterate convergence rates of extragradient algorithm or the optimistic gradient algorithm (OG) to Nash equilibrium of constrained smooth monotone games in terms of the gap function and Lipschitzs and monotone variational inequality, which match the existing lower bounds $mathcalO(T-1/2)$
Gold Metareview 27:
This paper studies the last iterate rate of convergence of the well-known extragradient and optimistic gradient algorithms in smooth monotone games with continuous convex action sets. The main result of the paper is to show that both algorithms (with constant step size) enjoy tight last-iterate convergence rates for setting (previous papers either 1) only applied to unconstrained domains 2) were asymptotic, or 3) required dependence on arbitrarily large problem-dependent constants).

This paper resolves a well-known open problem within the min-max optimization community, and is likely to have significant impact. The reviewers agree that the paper is well-written, and the the techniques (using the "tangent residual" as a potential function) are novel. For the final version, the authors are encouraged to incorporate the reviewers' suggestions to improve the presentation.


Generated Summary 28:
Summary: This paper addresses the very important problem of reward-hacking that occurs when the objectives optimized by intelligent agents are misaligned with respect to the tru objectives of the algorithm designer. The experiments show evidence of reward hacking as a function of modeling power of the agent and the size of the state-space. The paper concludes with some ideas and initial directions on how to potentially mitigate reward hackING. This paper does a great job at investigating an important problem in AI safety in a concrete and rigorous way.
Gold Metareview 28:
I thank the authors for their submission and active participation in the discussions. All reviewers are unanimously leaning towards acceptance of this paper. Reviewers in particular liked that the paper is presenting an interesting and systematic study of reward hacking [GVMn] that is useful to the research community [bfGN] and targets an important problem [uYeb] in a rigorous way [16uL]. I thus recommend accepting the paper, but I strongly encourage the authors to further improve their paper based on the reviewer feedback, in particular in regards to improving positioning with respect to related work and a better formalization of their work.

Generated Summary 29:
[ii] [iv] [v][v] This is a solid paper with a high impact on at least one sub-area, or moderate-to-high impact on more than one areas, with good to excellent evaluation, resources, reproducibility, and no unaddressed ethical considerations. This manuscript studies the problem of sparse regression in a decentralized setting. Specifically, an accelerated algorithm is proposed, and its convergence and statistical properties are proven. This paper proposes distributed algorithm for high-dimensional estimation to reduce the computational requirements, which decentralizes Nesterov’s accelerated proximal gradient via consensus dynamics and a gradient tracking mechanism to track locally the gradient of f. [...]
Gold Metareview 29:
The paper provides novel guarantees for the well-studied distributed sparse regression problem. Their theoretical results improve upon the state of the art and extend to settings that many previous results could not handle. From a technical perspective, their result builds upon previous frameworks, but also requires a number new, novel ideas. The paper does have some downsides; as mentioned previously, some of their ideas do build quite strongly off of previous work, and the presentation of the paper is quite dense, as several reviewers noted. However, the consensus of the reviewers overall is that the technical contribution of the paper is above the bar for acceptance, and would be of interest to the distributed optimization community.

Generated Summary 30:
Summary: Confidence: 4: You are fairly confident in your assessment of this paper. The motivation of introducing randomized Smoothing into the score function was very well illustrated, and the theorems 1 and 2 provided convincing results of the effectiveness of the proposed approach. The authors mentioned that this work "handles a full distributional shift induced by [...] Non-Conformity." This paper is also written in a clear way which gives enough background knowledge to readers who are not familiar with the field of conformal prediction.
Gold Metareview 30:
This paper studies the problem of producing distribution-free prediction sets using conformal prediction that are robust to test-time adversarial perturbations of the input data. The authors point out that these perturbations could be label and covariate dependent, and hence different from covariate-shift handled in Tibshirani et al 19, the label-shift handled in Podkopaev and Ramdas 21, and the f-divergence shifts of Cauchois et al 2021. 

The authors propose a relatively simple idea that has appeared in other literatures like optimization but appears to be new to the conformal literature: (i) use a smoothed (using Gaussian noise on X, and inverse Gaussian CDF) nonconformity score function, in order to control its Lipschitz constant, (ii) utilize a larger score cutoff than the standard 1-alpha quantile of calibration scores employed in conformal prediction. The observation that point (i) alone lends some robustness to adversarial perturbations of the data is interesting. As several experiments in the paper and responses to reviewers show, this comes at the (apparently necessary) price of larger prediction sets. 

I read through all the comments and also the supplement. The authors have responded very well to all the reviewers questions/concerns, adding significant sections to their supplement as a result. Three reviewers are convinced, but one remaining reviewer requested additional experiments to compare with Cauchois et al (in addition to all the others already produced by the authors originally and in response to reviewers). However, the authors point out that the code in the aforementioned paper was not public, but they were able to privately get the code from the authors during the rebuttal period. At this point, I recommend acceptance of the paper even without those additional experiments, since it is not the authors' fault that the original code was not public. Nevertheless, I suggest to the authors that, if possible, they could add some comparisons to the camera-ready since they now have the code.

I congratulate the authors on a nice work, a very solid rebuttal, and also the astute reviewers on pointing out various aspects that could be improved. 

Minor point for the authors (for the camera-ready): I would like to comment on the Rebuttal point 4.4 in the supplement, which then got further discussed in the thread. The reviewer points out four references [R1-R4]. I will add one more to the list [R5] https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10634.pdf (Kivaranovic et al, appeared in 2019, published in 2020). I think the literature reviews in this area are starting to be messy, and all authors need to do a better job. Clearly, the original paper of Vovk et al already establishes various types of conditional validity (and calls it PAC-style guarantee), produces guarantees that others in this area produce, and it appears that much recreation of the wheel is occurring. For eg, [R2, R4] do not cite [R5], despite [R5] appearing earlier and being published earlier, and having PAC-style guarantees and experiments with neural nets, etc. However, in turn, [R5] do not cite Vovk [R1], but [R2, R4] do cite [R1]. (And [R3] does not seem to be relevant to this discussion of conditional validity?) In any case, I am not sure any of these papers need citing since the current paper does not deal with conditional validity. If at all, just one sentence like "Conditional validity guarantees, of the styles suggested by Vovk [2012], would be an interesting avenue for future work".

Generated Summary 31:
Rating: 5: Borderline accept: Technically solid paper where reasons to accept outweigh reasons to reject, e.g., limited evaluation. Confidence: 4: You are confident in your assessment, but not absolutely certain, that you did not understand some parts of the submission or that you are unfamiliar with some pieces of related work. This paper builds a representation learning model/schema for parametrizing such acoustic responses via a encoder-decoder style deep network interpolation machine. This is a neat idea. The authors do build the related works, but there are still relevant baselines that are missing (both from discussions and from evaluations perspective) like https://ieeexplore.ieo.org/document/7987742 and others. ## Weakness - The paper lacks clarity as well as many important details to make it self-contained and reproducible (see
Gold Metareview 31:
The authors present Neural Acoustic Fields (NAF), which render sounds for arbitrary emitter and listener positions in a scene. Overall, the reviewers are very positive (8-8-8-5). The authors addressed many of the reviewers' questions about previous related work and rendering spatial binaural audio. 

Generated Summary 32:
Pros: a new family of methods, called Hinge Policy Optimisation (HPO), generalising over proximal policy optimisation algorithm with a clipped surrogate objective (PPO-clip) The paper provides a nice bridge between the existing theoretical tools for the analysis of policy gradient algorithms and the popular PPO- Clip algorithm. It also proposes a range of policy optimization algorithms, depending on the details of the classification algorithm that is used, and empirically evaluates some of them. Math/other details were not carefully checked. This paper provides both theoretical and empirical evidence that support using this modified algorithm.
Gold Metareview 32:
All reviewers agreed that analysis of PPO is interesting. 
During the discussion, however, there was an agreement that the current work is too thin in novelty and contribution: it provides only convergence analysis under very strong assumptions, and heavily builds on techniques from prior works. Meanwhile, for conventional policy gradient, recent works provided convergence rates.
As one reviewer pointed out - this work does not further our theoretical understanding on why PPO is better than vanilla policy gradient, as all the established results hold for policy gradient, even with less assumptions.
I encourage the authors to strengthen their paper by relaxing Assumption 4 (perhaps based on the robust classification idea raised in the discussion), and by further providing rate results.

Generated Summary 33:
The paper is clearly-written with clear explanation of the proposed EM-style method. However, one of the main claim that the method "enjoys the sample efficiency of symbolic methods with the ac- curacy and generalization of data-driven learned approaches" is not well-supported in the experiments. While in Sec. 4.1 it shows the proposed method is more data efficient than the neural baseline, it's not clear how the method generalized to complete different scenarios. Ideally the symbolic physical laws are universal thus can be applied to all physical interactions. This paper proposes a fully Bayesian approach to learn an intuitive physics model by combining symbolic regression and statistical learning (MCMC).
Gold Metareview 33:
This paper proposes a method for learning physics combining symbolic computation and learning in an interesting way, targeting sample efficiency. At the initial evaluation, it was on the fence but leaning towards acceptance, with 3 slightly positive and one slightly negative review. 

The strengths lie in the combination between symbolic reasoning and statistical ML with a formulation around the classical EM framework. On the other hand, an important issue of the paper is its quite simplistic evaluation on now very easy problems and benchmarks. While benchmarks tend to be simple in the field of learning physics, current work does address more difficult problems than the problems tackled in this paper.

Another issue discussed was the simple trade-off in injecting hand-crafted inductive bias into a system leading to increased sample efficiency, which was perceived as unsurprising by some reviewers. While this is common in ML, and even strongly more so in learning physics from data synthetically generated with known physical laws, it was perceived to be particularly unsurprising in this paper where the benchmarks are indeed very simple and the laws directly encoded.

The AC discussed this paper with the PCs, and it was judged that the weaknesses in evaluation, in particular the simplicity of the tasks, cannot compensate for the interesting hybrid symbolic/ML formulation, and decided to reject the paper.

Generated Summary 34:
This paper proposes a framework to speed up HPO by gradient based dataset subset selection using OMP. Weaknesses: rating: 4 - Borderline reject: Technically solid paper where reasons to reject, e.g., limited evaluation, outweigh reasons to accept, i.e., good evaluation Rating: 6 - Weak Accept: technically solid, moderate-to-high impact paper, with no major concerns with respect to evaluation, resources, reproducibility, ethical considerations
Gold Metareview 34:
This paper proposes AUTOMATA, an approach that uses GradMatch to select subsets of data in order to accelerate hyperparameter tuning. The reviewers all found the approach to be practical and empirically effective. There were concerns about the robustness to different subset sizes, particularly across different datasets, but the authors demonstrated that AUTOMATA works well across a number of settings during the rebuttal period. The remaining criticism largely revolves around the novelty of the approach, but the majority of the reviewers believe that this is a useful application of gradient-based subset selection.


Generated Summary 35:
This paper presents a method for improving tail-label performance. It is based on the finding that the distribution of the norms of the learnt weight vectors also follows a power-law as does the distribution among the samples among labels. The main contribution of the paper is proposing methods for re-ranking which encourages precedence of tail labels and a data augmentation mechanism. It achieves improvements when applied to sota methods on relevant PSP metrics. The first model is reranking-based, that is, it tries to augment the rarer labels to reduce the skew in data. Results shown on several real-world datasets highlight the superior predictive ability of the proposed reRanking model for tail labels compared to a host of highly competitive baselines.
Gold Metareview 35:
The paper presents some interesting insights, but all reviewers have agreed that it does not meet the bar of ICLR. The theoretical results require revision as several issues have been indicated in the reviews. The authors have tried to correct them during the rebuttal, but the reviewers remain unconvinced.  Also the novelty is limited as re-ranking is a well-known concept and decoupling of head and tail labels is an approach often used in practice across many applications.

The authors should also clarify the way the RankNet method is used and implemented to clarify the issue raised by Reviewer 1. Finally, let me notice that adjusting thresholds for labels has been considered in the XMLC literature, in the context of optimization of the macro F-measure (Extreme F-measure Maximization using Sparse Probability Estimates, ICML 2016).



Generated Summary 36:
Summary: A novel chaurn reduction algorithm based on distillation, which involves the training of a classifier by minimizing a distilled loss and solving a convex program. Strengths - The authors provide theoretical guarantees to justify the use of their algorithm compared to comparable approaches. This paper explores the relationship between the low-churn problem and distillation. The authors propose a novel distillation method based upon distillation which involves minimizing the a distillation loss.
Gold Metareview 36:
The paper introduces a procedure to control the churn (i.e. differences in the predictive model due o retraining) using distillation.

This is a strong paper, with novel technique which is clearly presented, and is backed by sound theory. The experimental results were also deemed extremely convincing by reviewers TJ4g and pZBb. 

Reviewer nqfu raised a question about the similarities between churn reduction and domain adaptation. The authors have addressed this by pointing out similarities to their work but also noting that, in the settings mentioned by the reviewer, alternative approaches such as completely retraining the model might be more appropriate. This part of the rebuttal is convincing.

Reviewer TJ4g has pointed out several points of improvement, to which the authors have responded adequately.

All in all, this paper is ready for and deserving of acceptance.

Generated Summary 37:
Rating: 7: Good paper, accept confidence: 3: The reviewer is fairly confident that the evaluation is correct. Overall, the paper tackles an important problem, is technically sound and well-written. However, the study on the whiten case with a singleton ReLU sign pattern is really not useful. When all the sign patterns of the ReLU are pinned, the representation power of a two-layered network reduces to a linear model (in a polyhedron). Rating: 8: Good Paper, Accept Confidence: 4: I would like to start saying that I am open to increasing my score if the authors are able to clarify notation and add references/discussion, because I think that the essential contributions of this paper are important.
Gold Metareview 37:
This paper extends an earlier work with scalar output to vector output. It establish a relationship of two-layer ReLu network and convex program. The result can be used to design training algorithms for ReLu networks with provably computational complexity. Overall, this is an interesting idea, leading to better theoretical insights to computational issues of two-layer ReLu networks. 

Generated Summary 38:
[1] [2] [3] [4] [5] Rating: 3 out of 5 based on 4 reviews. PPCA based missing data imputation for high dimensional data: a systematical approach. [1]. [2]. [3]. [4]. [5]. [6]. [7]. [8]. [9]. [10] [11] [12] [13] [14] [15] [16] [17] [18] [19] [20] [21] [22] [23] [24] [25] [26] [27] [28] [29] [30] [31] [32] [33] [36] [37] [38] [39] [40] [41] [43] [44] [46] [47] [51] [56] [61] [62] [65] [67] [70]
Gold Metareview 38:
This paper proposes a framework based on principle components analysis (PCA) to speed up the missing data imputation. It divides the feature sets into two partitions -- the fully observed one and the one that contains missing values. The proposed method applies PCA to the fully observed partition to do dimensionality reduction, followed by the existing imputation methods. The authors further propose to apply PCA to the imputed data to speed up the downstream classification task.

The major weakness is that the methodological contribution is quite limited. Projecting data into lower dimensional spaces to speed up downstream tasks is not new. In particular, the main assumption of random missingness has been considered before 10-20 years ago and the more challenging setting of non-random missingness was not considered. Overall the reviewers mostly agree that the contribution is limited.

Generated Summary 39:
This paper addresses the collapse problem by proposing a second-order statistics-based mutual information measure that reflects the level of correlation among the inputs. Additionally, it is very well reasoned, I like the way it is presented. (2) On classification downstream task, the proposed methods has obtained state-of-the-art results one some datasets. However, the results are bit limited and not very robust. Furthermore, standard experimental strategies are not followed, as example, for classification tasks, self-supervised models follow "linear" and "fine-tuning" strategies, which is not followed in Positives: Good paper, but a bit hard to follow. Weakness: Probably not the best paper I've read in a long time, but it's a solid paper.
Gold Metareview 39:
The paper describes a self-supervised learning method based on an information maximization criterion that naturally prevents dimensional collapse. The authors consider the Shannon mutual information under the assumption that the data is Gaussian. A first-order approximation to the log-determinant of the sum of two matrices is used to simplify the final objective. Experiments on 4 image datasets show that the proposed approach gives better results than contrastive and non-contrastive methods.

Strengths:

1 - The paper is well written and easy to follow.
2 - The paper is theoretically grounded on correlative information measure of representation.
3 - Strong results on some downstream classification problems.
4 - Initially the experiments included only one downstream task regarding classification, but the paper has been updated to include also results for object segmentation and detection task.
5 - Novel and well motivated.
6 - state-of-the-art SSL performance.

Weaknesses:

- Some weaknesses are pointed out by reviewer GZwK, but these are not well justified.

Decision:

A majority of reviewers vote for acceptance. The only reviewer voting slightly towards rejection is GZwK, with a reasoning that is not well justified. For example, the main criticisms mentioned by reviewer GZwK

- The paper directly generalizes the earlier proposed log-determinant mutual information to the field of self-supervised learning. 
- this paper does not give a deep-going analysis that why the second-order statistics can play a important role in self-supervised learning

are not mentioned by any of the other reviewers.

Because of this, I have decided to accept the paper.



Generated Summary 40:
summary: This paper proposes a method to learn an environment field that predicts the distance from any location in the map to a query location. The method builds on implicit surface representation ideas and extends it with a few other aspects for motion prediction. While the general idea, having a neural network learn to reproduce the output of an A* or Dijkstra algorithm is sensible, what is proposed in this paper is simply not comprehensible. The general idea being described would likely fall into a sort of motion planning approach rather than a motion prediction method.
Gold Metareview 40:
This paper proposes environment fields, a representation that models reaching distances within a scene. Dense environment fields are learnt using a neural network, and the effectiveness of this representation is shown on 2D maze environments and 3D indoor environments. This paper received hugely contrasting reviews, with two reviewers being very supportive and one reviewer providing the lowest score of 1. In light of this, I'll start with providing my takeaways on the review and discussion with reviewer z3Y4 (rating of 1) and then proceed to the remaining discussion.

Reviewer z3Y4 has provided the score of 1 and has made strong remarks that include: "what is proposed in this paper is simply not comprehensible", "description of the method itself is simply devoid of all required detail", "The main claims of the paper are incorrect or not at all supported by theory or empirical results." and " what is being proposed in this paper is simply too unclear and vague to be assessed". **Such dismissive remarks, in my opinion, are completely unnecessary and create a toxic discussion and review environment.**

Reviewer z3Y4 has many criticisms of the submission, but the primary ones include: (a) the lack of details throughout the paper (b) the positioning of the paper in the abstract and introduction, and (c) the lack of experiments in continuous environments. Re (a): It is well understood in our research community that providing every last detail in the main submission is nearly impossible due to the restriction on the number of pages. Providing excess details in the main paper also often reduces the readability of the paper. Such details are better addressed in the appendix and crucially, the code. The authors have provided some details in the appendix and have indicated that they will release a code base.  I also agree with the authors that justifying every last detail in the network architecture such as choice of an activation function is not necessary for this submission. The same goes with describing methods in past works in detail vs referring the reader to the appropriate citation. As a result, I believe that the authors have addressed (a) well. Re (b): This has also been addressed by the authors, by pointing out relevant parts of the paper that had the necessary details. Re (c): In this regard, the paper clearly contains a well laid out experiment in 3D indoor scenes, so as far as I am concerned, this has been addressed in the main submission.

Reviewers AhgQ and fAEP have supported this submission but also laid out some concerns that include:
(1) Are the gradients suboptimal ?
(2) Positioning the paper with regards to past works
(3) Motivation behind using the VAE
(4) Qualitative analysis and failures
The authors have addressed these 4 concerns well using the rebuttal as well as via a revision of the appendix. The reviewers, post discussion have indicated their satisfaction with the revised submission.

I think this paper is interesting and proposes a novel scene representation which can be useful for others in the Embodied AI community. I am in agreement with reviewers AhgQ and fAEP, and in spite of the strong reject score by z3Y4, I recommend accepting this paper.

Generated Summary 41:
I think additional work on section 2.5 through section 3 would be helpful to improve clarity. As one example, "y" is unnecessarily overloaded: y denotes a specific attribute, this paper builds upon the work of Boa et al (2017 ) (Conditional VAE GAN) to allow attribute manipulation in the synthesis process. In order to disentangle the identity information from the attributes the paper proposed to have p(y) = p (y|z= E_phi(x)) , i.e. have z independent of y. A generative model to learn the representation which can separate the identity of an object from an attribute.
Gold Metareview 41:
The paper proposes a supervised adversarial method for disentangling the latent space of a VAE into two groups: latents z which are independent of the given attribute y, and \hat{y} which contains information about y. Since the encoder also predicts \hat{y} it can be used for classification and the paper shows competitive results on this task, apart from the attribute manipulation task. Reviewers had raised points about model complexity and connections to prior works which the authors have addressed and the paper is on the borderline based on the scores. 

Though none of the reviewers explicitly pointed out the similarity of the paper with Fader networks (Lample et al., 2017), the adversarial setup for getting attribute invariant 'z' is exactly same as in Fader networks, as also pointed out in an anonymous comment. The only difference is that encoder in the current paper also predicts the attribute itself (\hat{y}), which is not the case in Fader n/w, and hence the encoder can be used as a classifier as well (authors have also mentioned and discussed this difference in their response). However, the core idea of the paper as outlined in the title of the paper, ie, using adversarial loss for information factorization, is very similar to this earlier work, which diminishes the originality of the work. 

With the borderline review scores, the paper can go in either of the half-spaces (accept/reject) but I am hesitant to recommend an "accept" due to limited originality of the approach. However, if there is space in the program, the paper can be accepted. 

Generated Summary 42:
This paper proposes a novel method called Surreal-GAN, a tailored version of generative adversarial networks, to learn separate representations of neurological and neuropsychiatric diseases in an unsupervised manner. It overcomes limitations in previously published semi-supervised clustering methods and showed great performance on semi-synthetic data sets. Math/other details were not carefully checked. This paper presents a method for learning a representation of disease-related image patterns from regional volume information generated from structural MRI images. The method is based on a GAN approach, and different regularization methods are presented to improve the learning of disease related representations.
Gold Metareview 42:
The authors present a GAN for learning a continuous representation of disease-related image patterns from regional volume information generated from structural MRI images.
The reviewers find the problem relevant and appreciate the proposed solution. They find the paper well-written and find the empirical results on Alzheimer brain MRIs relevant for the neuroscience community.
 
The overall objective function includes several hyper-parameters. As pointed out as the main weak point by multiple reviewers this may hint at overengineering/overfitting to a data set. However, the reviewers also mention that the regularizers are all sufficiently well-motivated in the paper and the author response.

Reviewers highlight comparisons on the real data as a strong result demonstrating that Surreal GAN was able to isolate two major sources/locations of atrophy in Alzheimer’s disease. Overall, the reviews are positive in majority.

Generated Summary 43:
Good paper, accept confidence: 3: The reviewer is fairly confident that the evaluation is correct This paper introduced a benchmark for the methods of data-driven-based physical system simulation. They provided a dataset of four physical systems (spring, wave, spring mesh, navier-stokes) including data, data generation methods, codes, and documents. The description is also detailed. However, the value of this benchmark needs to be more explained.
Gold Metareview 43:
This paper introduces a physical evaluation dataset framework for scientific computing pipelines that map one high-dim state space into another high- or low-dim one, providing a suite of simple representative physics problems.  Reviewers appreciated for motivation, clarity, comprehensiveness, and overall contribution to the space.

Generated Summary 44:
A Korean language legal NLP dataset, LBOX OPEN, and a Korean legal language model trained on LCUBE, a decoder only model based on a GPT-2 architecture. This work proposes a dataset (LBox-Open) containing 150k Korean legal precedents, and proposes two classification tasks, two legal judgement prediction tasks, and one summarization task. The authors point out that there is a knowledge gap with respect to NLP models (and data) in languages that are not English. The dataset is made available on Github. Although I have not run the code myself, the documentation seems sufficiently clear and transparent to access the datasets
Gold Metareview 44:
This paper presents a large corpus of Korean legal documents, paired with labels corresponding to two classification tasks, two legal judgment prediction tasks, and one summarization task. Reviewers praised the uniqueness of the new resource.

However, there is some criticism of the results section, with several reviewers bringing up possible comparisons to other models and wondering whether the performance of this model has been analyzed thoroughly.  The authors argue in particular that mT5 and KoGPT-2 can benefit from continued pre-training this corpus, which seems satisfactory, although there is the question raised by 7fpy that this is essentially pre-training on the test tasks and may be too generous when assessing the performance on other legal-domain tasks that arise down the road.  Reviewer 7fpy brings up some valid critiques of the dataset construction: several points about filtering were unclear, as was the strength of the automatic pipeline used to construct the dataset.

There are a few ethical concerns raised by the ethics reviewer, which I believe are serious. Point [1] is resolved. Point [2] about misuse seems valid and harder to argue against.  The data does have value for use in the kind of more benign studies the authors report in the response there. But its very existence could encourage the construction of certain kinds of automated tools for legal judgment prediction, which has been a hotly-debated issue in the NLP community before. Ultimately I will defer to the ethics reviewer on this one, who seems satisfied.

Overall this paper seems like a well-done effort. The main question is whether its utility (modulated by issues with the results) outweighs the risks of putting it out there. Reviewers seem to lean positive on this and I would lean positive as well.

Generated Summary 45:
This paper is the first work to design a benchmark and it can provide a database of GNN architectures for quick look-up, which can accelerate the following-up research of graph neural architecture. Not completely clear/insisting on the main point of the article which seems to be the benchmarking of different methods, as it seems that there is not much novelty on the different methods of NAS [2] Gao, Yang, et al. Graphnas: Graph neural architecture search with reinforcement learning. [3] Zhao, Huan, Quanming Yao, and Weiwei Tu. NAS-Bench-Graph. 5.
Gold Metareview 45:
This paper introduces the first NAS benchmarks on graphs. Ratings were quite diverse, with scores of 4,5,6,7,7,8.
The many positive reviewers highlighted that GraphNAS is very relevant and that a benchmark for them would be very useful for the community. The benchmark includes comprehensive evaluations on as many as 9 different datasets, which may also help facilitate research on meta-learning for (Graph)NAS. Initially, the code for creating the benchmark and analysis was not available, which is a no-go for tabular NAS benchmarks, but the authors fixed this in the rebuttal period.
The most negative reviewer, 8asK, appears to not be familiar with tabular NAS benchmarks and their usefulness, and did not react to the discussion about it, as well as to the modification of the paper to highlight it. The other borderline negative review, by reviewer LkTe, had as their main ciriticism that NAS methods should be benchmarked on many spaces, but the point of tabular NAS benchmarks is *not* to provide a conclusive assessment of the performance of NAS methods that holds in general across search spaces (as a "horserace" paper might try to achieve), but rather to facilitate the cheap evaluation of current and future NAS methods on a single search space. For these reasons, I do agree more with the positive reviewers and recommend acceptance of this work as a poster.



Generated Summary 46:
A new portfolio policy network architecture for DRl to exploit cross-asset dependency information, which is shown to be able to achieve better performance than existing ones. Such a scheme mainly introduces a permutation invariance property, and it is very interesting Recommendation and novelty of the proposed method. Weakness: 1. The paper presents a clear formulation of the portfolio optimization problem in section 2. The description of the architecture is not clear. The intention of some of the components, such as causal convolution, skip connections are not specified. Related work such as WaveNet is not well discussed. Related works such as waveNet is ...
Gold Metareview 46:
This paper proposes an architecture of a policy network (WaveCorr) that is particularly effective for portfolio management tasks.  A key observation that leads to the design of WaveCorr is that the dependency across asset should be treated differently from the dependency across time.  The proposed WaveCorr has the property that it is "permutation invariant" with respect to assets, which means that the class of functions that can be represented by WaveCorr is invariant to permutation of assets.  WaveCorr is shown to achieve the state-of-the-art performance in a portfolio management task.

A major point of discussion was the definition of "permutation invariance".  The reviewers and AC understood the difference between the permutation invariance defined in this paper and that studied in the prior work (the output of a network is insensitive to the permutation of the particular values of the input).  With the definition in this paper, however, a fully connected layer is permutation invariant, but the Corr layer proposed in the paper appears to have more structure.  It is unclear exactly what properties of the Corr layer leads to the performance improvement.

Generated Summary 47:
This paper analyzes oversquashing in GNN using geometric methods. The paper proposes a novel rewiring method based on negative curvature to construct graphs that are less susceptible to oversqushing. Though the theoretical contribution is strong the empirical evidence is not strong. Overall the paper is well written, however, the paper improve further to have better readability. It would be helpful to have more intuitive clarity on the use of hyperbolic spaces since many readers may not be familiar with the topic. Throughout the paper, homophilic and hetherophilic nature of graphs are mentioned, however the exact definitions of them are not clearly defined. Further, in experiments “low-homophily” is mentioned, but there is not measure for low or high homophily as [1,2] and there is also measure for datasets used in experiments as in [1]. Confidence: 3: You are fairly confident in
Gold Metareview 47:
The paper proposes a new technique to handle oversquashing in GNNs by introducing a novel rewiring technique. The reviewers are quite positive about the paper and the rebuttal phase greatly helped clarify the method and it's impact.

Generated Summary 48:
This paper provides a thorough understanding of the low-bit (1-bit and 2-bit) quantization for pre-trained BERT. The authors discover four characteristics: 1) longer training and proper hyperparameter reduce the gap, 2) 1-stage knowledge distillation is okay, 3) data augmentation is essential, and 4) pre-training distillation for model compression may not be always helpful. From the findings, the paper proposes XtrmC, a model compression technique that integrates the abovementioned points.
Gold Metareview 48:
Reviewers agree that this paper presents a systematic study on the impact of hyper-parameters and training strategies of previous works. Based on those empirical observations, they propose a simplified model with layer reduction and single-stage distillation, which do not rely on a complicated and ad-hoc training strategy. Extensive experiments are conducted with thorough comparison with existing works. Authors also clearly point-out their current limitations.

The major concern is that this paper is more focused on discussion of the effectiveness of training strategies in previous methods, while the theoretical contribution is somehow limited. It would be much better if authors could explain their observations (more training epochs is needed while additional distillation stages can be discarded) from a theoretical perspective, although this may be far out of the scope of this work. Nonetheless, this paper presents valuable empirical study over existing Transformer compression methods and may inspire following research; therefore, AC recommends acceptance.


Generated Summary 49:
Comparison of BYOL versus standard disentanglement methods for toy and real-world datasets, CelebA. Comparison of contrastive learning versus supervised/unsupervised representations, and implications for reproducibility and reproducibility. Confidence: 4: You are confident in your assessment. It is unlikely, but not impossible, that you did not understand some parts of the submission or that you are unfamiliar with some pieces of related work. Here, they show empirical evidence that BYO successfully learns disentangled representations.
Gold Metareview 49:
The paper provides additional empirical evidence that self-supervised learning methods can help disentangling factors of variation in a dataset. That said, the paper can benefit from better framing and perhaps comparison with existing work (e.g., https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.08850 and https://arxiv.org/abs/2007.00810). Furthermore, the authors acknowledge that there was a bug in their code, which I believe should at least lead to softening the claims about group disentanglement. Accordingly, please consider revising the paper and re-submitting to other venues.

Generated Summary 50:
Summary: Confidence: 4: This paper presents a new tabular benchmark for neural architecture search. This paper does not contain significant contributions. The two main contributions are the use of a surrogate to create a benchmark and the creation of an interesting new search space for NAS. Overall, the paper is well-written but it does contain considerable contributions. It is a good paper but not a significant contribution.
Gold Metareview 50:
This paper proposes a methodology to create cheap NAS surrogate benchmarks for arbitrary search spaces. Certainly, the work is interesting and useful, with comprehensive studies to validate such approach. It should be credited as belonging to the first efforts of introducing and comprehensively studying the concept of surrogate NAS benchmarks. In AC's opinion, it is a solid paper that will (or has already) inspire many follow up works. The paper is well written. 

This paper received highly mixed ratings. Although the authors might not see, all reviewers actually participated in the private discussions. Reviewer 1eb8 indicated hesitation in her/his support. Reviewer yTPb stated that if not considering the arXiv complicacy, she/he "would certainly raise score by one level".  AC also reached out to Reviewer yTPb about her/his mentioned possibility of updating scores, and got confirmed that her/his original opinions wasn't changing after rebuttals. Besides, AC agrees the arXiv/NeurIPS complicacy shouldn't brought into the current discussion, and ignored that factor during decision making. 

The main sticking (and considered-as-valid) critique is on the relatively outdated and incomplete selection of baselines. As a benchmark paper, it should capture and diversify the recent methods. For example, the authors might consider adding: https://botorch.org/docs/papers (latest methods in Bayesian Optimization) https://github.com/facebookresearch/LaMCTS (latest methods in Monte Carlo Tree Search) https://facebookresearch.github.io/nevergrad/ (latest methods in Evolutionary algorithms)

Given the above concerns, AC considers this paper to sit on the borderline, and perhaps with pros outweighing the cons. Hence, a weak accept decision is recommended at this moment.

Generated Summary 51:
Summary: A theoretical explanation of the phenomenon of AWP in backdoor learning, and proposes a logit anchoring method to improve the consistency, especially the instance-wise consistency, under the circumstance of injecting backdoors into a trained clean model. The authors point out that “the surge in the usage of the large-scale neural networks makes it hard to train backdoored models from scratch.” However, all the examples in this paper are ones in which training from scratch is feasible computationally.
Gold Metareview 51:
This paper proposes measures of consistency between back-doored and clean models, proposes regularization using those consistency measures, and showcases that such trained models indeed exhibit better consistency. Also, it is demonstrated that the fine-tuned model does not deviate too far from the original clean model. The reviewers' comments are all well addressed. Some concerns related to the notion of consistency and how it relates to the detection of backdoors are still left open, but the reviewers seem to be satisfied with the answers. Given the overwhelmingly positive reviews, I propose accept.

Generated Summary 52:
summary: Confidence: 3: You are fairly confident in your assessment of this work. It is possible that you did not understand some parts of the submission or that you are unfamiliar with some pieces of related work. Math/other details were not carefully checked. The objective function is not submodular, hence does not admit a classical greedy approach. They show an ILP formulation that provides an optimal solution but not efficiently. They propose a Greezy approach based on maiximization of marginal gains endowed with a look-ahead tie breaking that should prevent failure to attain n-coverage because of wrong initial choices guided by the sole marginal gain maximization objective. The novelty of the proposed work is limited.
Gold Metareview 52:
The paper introduces the maximum n-times coverage, a new NP-hard (and non-submodular) optimization problem. It is shown that the problem can naturally arise in ML-based vaccine design, and two heuristics are given to solve the problem. The results are used to produce a pan-strain COVID vaccine. 

The reviewers and I think that this is an interesting paper with a compelling application. There were some concerns about theoretical novelty and biological accuracy but these were addressed during the author response period. Given this, I am delighted to recommend acceptance. Please incorporate the feedback in the reviews in the final version of the paper.

Generated Summary 53:
This paper describes a new method for data augmentation which is called batch augmentation. The idea is very simple -- include in your batch M augmentations of the each training sample, effectively this will increase the size of the batch by M. I have not seen a similar idea to this proposed before. As the authors show this simple technique has the potential to increase training convergence and final accuracy. Several experiments support the paper's claims illustrating the effectiveness of the technique on a variety of datasets. Not very satisfactory in its current form.
Gold Metareview 53:
The authors propose to use large batch training of neural networks, where each batch contains multiple augmentations of each sample. The experiments demonstrate that this leads to better performance compared to training with small batches. However, as noted by Reviewers 2 and 3, the experiments do not convincingly show where the improvement comes from. Considering that the described technique is very simplistic, having an extensive ablation study and comparison to the strong baselines is essential. The rebuttal didn’t address the reviewers' concerns, and they argue for rejection.

Generated Summary 54:
Accept: This paper presents a dynamic inference paradigm based on selective inference of convolutions on the spatial dimension. Specifically, for each convolutional block, it uses a masker layer to predict the masked region of the feature map and only conduct convolution on the ... This paper addresses a very important real-world issue, which is well-motivated and demonstrated experimentally. The proposed approach, although rather simple, is able to generate realistic speed-ups with no effect in accuracy.
Gold Metareview 54:
The paper proposes latency-aware spatial-wise dynamic neural networks under the guidance of a latency prediction mode. reviewers arrived at a consensus to accept the paper. 

Generated Summary 55:
I think this paper is a good paper, but I think it lacks the novelty of DoD-Net and DeepLabv3 and is not compared to a multi-head design. The authors state that “Binary Dice loss and cross-entropy loss were used as the loss function”. Is it a combination of both? No, it depends on the experiment. I think the authors are right.
Gold Metareview 55:
While two our of three reviewers pointed out that the method is very similar to a previously published approach, DODNet,  these reviewers still see value in the extensive evaluation presented in this paper, and both suggested weak accept. The first reviewer also increased the score to borderline after the rebuttal owing to additional experiments for evaluation. I also agree with the reviewers that this paper addresses an important problem in the field, i.e.  partially labelled data, and presents extensive evaluation and benchmarking against important baseline approaches, and therefore suggest acceptance of this paper.


Generated Summary 56:
A generalization of a mel filterbank, used commonly in machine audition. A detailed interpretation on the relationship between each component of hand-crafted audio front-ends (such as mel-spectrograms) and learnable counterparts. A new learnable representation for audio signal classification is proposed. It is a welcome and unmatched effort, to the best of my knowledge. The only tasks where a truly significant improvement is reported are language identification and emotion recognition, which are also the tasks where all the methods perform the poorest.
Gold Metareview 56:
All Reviewers agree that the paper has a clear and solid contribution. Furthermore, all of them highlight that the paper has improved significantly after revision. Hence, my recommendation is to ACCEPT the paper. As a brief summary, I highlight below some pros and cons that arose during the review and meta-review processes.

Pros:
- Comparison across network architectures.
- Comparison across a broad range of different data sets.
- Compactness of the representation (few parameters to learn).
- Authors will share code.

Cons:
- Role of L2 normalization could be further discussed.

Generated Summary 57:
Rating: 5: Borderline accept: Technically solid paper where reasons to accept outweigh reasons to reject, e.g., limited evaluation. Math/other details were not carefully checked. I am not sure the result is really novel and in any case it seems to be an application of the results in Test Martingales, Bayes Factors and p-Values by Shafer et al.
Gold Metareview 57:
While there is no unanimity, the majority is positive and sees the potential value of the approach for machine learning. It is good to mention that the authors did a good job in replying to comments and criticisms, which has clarified a few misunderstandings. Personally I would recommend the authors not to use the confusing terminology between Bayesian and frequentist approaches that are employed in the paper, because it has generated more harm than benefit (at least among those in the discussion here). The theoretical results seem sound and useful and the contribution is good (even if the targeted problem might be seen as too specific by some).

Generated Summary 58:
## Strengths This paper proves a faster no-regret learning dynamics for extensive-form correlated equilibrium (EFCE) in multiplayer general-sum imperfect-information extensive - form games. This improves upon the previous best rate $O(T-1/2)$ for extended-form games.This paper presents an uncoupled, regret-based dynamics provably converging to the extensive form correlated equilibrium in general - sum n-player extensive – form games . This paper provides a new uncouple, regret based dynamics that achieves O(T -0.75) where T is the number of repetitions of the game.
Gold Metareview 58:
This paper builds upon existing works to prove that learning (correlated) equilibrium can be fast, i.e., faster than \sqrt{n} even in extensive form games.

Three reviewers are rather lukewarm, and one reviewer is more positive (but seems less confident in his score). The two major criticisms is that this paper is very difficult to read and that the results might seem rather incremental with respect to the literature.

I tend to agree with both points but the paper still as merits: the reason is that extensive form games are intrinsically way harder than normal form games and they more or less all have a burden of notations. We agreed  that the authors actually did some efforts to make it fit within the page limit. but another a conference or a journal would have been better suited than ICLR.

Our final conclusion is that the result is interesting yet maybe not breathtaking for the ICLR community; we are fairly certain that another venue for this paper will be more appropriate and that it will be accepted in the near future (I can only suggest journals based on the large amount of content and notations, such as OR, MOR, or GEB - yet, conferences such as EC should be more scoped too) . It does not, unfortunately, reach the ICLR bar.

Generated Summary 59:
Review: 8 - Top 50% of accepted papers, clear accept confidence: 4 - The reviewer is confident but not absolutely certain that the evaluation is correct: 3 - It will be better to avoid terms like "....mind-blowing..." [1] is about weakly-supervised segmentation, which uses the attention analysis (of the classification networks) results (i.e., attention maps corresponding to the classes) as the pseudo label in the context of weakly supervised Segmentation task without label groundtruth: [2] studies the attention analyze of the vision transformer (ViT) based classification networks. The authors use the ViT generated attention maps to replace the CNN based method in [1]. In that case, the paper still lacks discussion in this aspect. This submission reproduces the work "Transformer interpretability beyond attention visualization" by Chefer et al. (2021).
Gold Metareview 59:
An interesting contribution with relevant results. Some more exploration of hyper-parameter tuning could be a good contribution, and a rephrasing of certain ways of describing results (see reviewer 9G6p's comments). 

Generated Summary 60:
## Pros - The paper is very well written. ## The paper has a good technical quality, i.e., everything is formulated without technical flaws --- The proposed approach is novel in the sense that it solves visual planning problems using the NS-CL approach beyond VQA tasks --- This is a very relevant topic and proposed method for this workshop --- ## Cons - It is very relevant to the field of visual planning --- It solves Visual Planning problems using a novel approach ---
Gold Metareview 60:
As both reviewers stated, this paper is a good fit for the workshop, with several positives. 
I am not repeating all of them here, since I agree with the reviewers' assessment comments.
From the a given a natural language instruction and an input and an output scene,
the paper investigates how to  train a neuro-symbolic model which  manipulates
a program that can be executed by a robot on the input scenes and generates a goal state.
The authors carry out experiments to demonstrate how the neuro-symbolic model
is end-to-end and show generalization to novel scenes and instructions. 
I recommend acceptance of this paper, as it can lead to relevant directions in neuro-symbolic robotics.

Generated Summary 61:
(A) Good paper, with a high degree of accuracy and rigor. (B) Good design. (C) Good execution. (D) Good implementation. (E) Good performance. (iii) a strong paper with good-to-excellent evaluation, resources, and reproducibility, and no unaddressed ethical considerations. Two efficient O(k) gradient updates for neural networks with unitary matrices parametrized as full n x n arrays.
Gold Metareview 61:
This paper provides two routines to replace gradient updates with low-rank unitary updates, and provides extensive technical discussion and experiments.  Reviewers are uniformly positive, and I also voice similar praises, e.g., I too appreciate the extensive discussion in appendices A and B, and the detailed experiments in the later appendices.  As such, it is easy to recommend acceptance, and I will push for this to receive at least a spotlight.  Even so, I urge the authors to make careful revisions for remaining issues raised by the reviewers, and to perform a full pass of their own.

Generated Summary 62:
83 outperforms the Spliddit maximin rule on robustness metrics, this is not surprising. What would greatly strengthen the claim is comparing to some other heuristically optimized robustness metric. l1 and l_inf models of robustness seem to be more convincing than the distributional models, but they are not as robust as the l2 models. Overall, this paper is a technically strong paper, with novel ideas, excellent impact on at least one area, or high-to-excellent impact on multiple areas, with excellent evaluation, resources, and reproducibility, and no unaddressed ethical considerations.
Gold Metareview 62:
Reviewers are all positive and excited about the paper: interesting and natural model, novel and robust mechanism with theoretical guarantees, nice sample complexity analysis, experiments on real-world data.

Generated Summary 63:
Confidence: 4 Rating: 6: Weak Accept: Technically solid, moderate-to-high impact paper, with no major concerns with respect to evaluation, resources, reproducibility, ethical considerations, and the breadth of established works in the area. This paper proposes a learning framework for compositional representations of goals for goal-conditioned RL, and proposes to obtain a coarse specification of goals using discretization. The goals reside in a low-dimensional representation space that is obtained from high-dimensional sensory data, Strengths 1. The paper shows favorable performance over several baselines on multiple environments
Gold Metareview 63:
This paper proposes a discrete and compositional representation of goal states for goal-conditioned RL. The idea is to learn a goal representation via self-supervised learning and discretize the learned representation via VQ-VAE, and finally use the learned goal representation for goal-conditioned RL. The proposed method improves performance on several goal-conditioned RL benchmarks.

All of the reviewers found the idea simple and reasonable, and the results on a variety of benchmarks are quite comprehensive and strong. Although there were concerns around why the proposed discretized representation forms a semantically meaningful latent space and where the improvement comes from, the authors addressed them during the rebuttal period with updated results. All of the reviewers became in favor of the paper as a result. Thus, I recommend accepting this paper.

Generated Summary 64:
The authors propose a relatively simple and easy to understand methodology for achieving aggressive binary and ternary quantization for recurrent layers in order to preserve accuracy. This may incur lower overhead during inference and training time compared to applying batch normalization to both input matrix vector and hidden matrix vector products (i.e., matrix vectors and inputs). A method for reducing memory requirements in RNN models via binary /
Gold Metareview 64:
This work proposes a simple but useful way to train RNN with binary / ternary weights for improving memory and power efficiency. The paper presented a sequence of experiments on various benchmarks and demonstrated significant improvement on memory size  with only minor decrease of accuracy. Authors' rebuttal addressed the reviewers' concern nicely. 



Generated Summary 65:
summary: This paper is more like a draft and needs improvements for many aspects. It is unlikely that you will understand some parts of the submission or that you are unfamiliar with some pieces of related work. Thus, congratulations for a wonderfully structured paper. Aim to achieve state-of-the-art in sparse deep neural network training. The authors need to give more discussion, about their differences and give empirical comparison among them. Therefore, we can see that the proposed method is worse than [2]. Moreover, there are several other methods, which can learn the weight redudancy during training.
Gold Metareview 65:
This submission proposes a method for learning sparse DNNs which consists of three components: First, a "dense" network is maintained and updated in each backwards pass, but the forward pass is done via a sparsified version of the network; sparsification is done via "soft" thresholding; and the sparsity ratio is increased over the course of training. Reviewers noted that each of these components had been previously proposed, and that the state-of-the-art baselines are not actually state-of-the-art anymore. They also noted that the paper read more like a draft and needs substantial improvement. The consensus was therefore to reject.

Generated Summary 66:
I like the idea in the paper, and such an approach has been used in NLP for various problems such as spelling correction etc. Besides the predict and de-noise framework, another approach that is used in machine translation is the idea of using back-translation, which in the context of pseudo-code to code would look something like this: 1) train a sequence model A such as transformer on code to pseudo code, 2) use trained model A to generate paired training data for the unlabelled code (obtained e.g. from Github) by out-putting pseudo code for it, and 3) train the final model on original labelled pseudo code to code data plus the artificially generated pseudo coding to code. The results that they demonstrate do not seem very strong, and I would have liked to see this technique demonstrated on more competitive tasks to better gauge how well it works
Gold Metareview 66:
This work is well written and easy to follow and proposes a novel framework to utilize unlabeled output data. The authors have also given a detailed proof that the denoiser reduces the required complexity of the predictor. However, ultimately the experimental results are somewhat weak and leave doubts as to how effective the approach is. More convincing experimental results such as significant improvements on a well understood task and acknowledging that the approach is mostly useful when combined with pre-training and back translation would improve the work.

Pros
- Well written.
- Technically novel approach to the problem of utilizing unlabeled output data.
- Interesting proof on the reduced complexity requirement for the predictor.

Cons:
- Experimental results are not convincing. Showing significant improvements on a well understood task would be more convincing.
- The approach is only really useful when combined with pre-training or back-translation.

Generated Summary 67:
A large-scale and curated dataset in Chinese along with two benchmarks for diagnosis (5 tasks) and pathology mitigation (2 tasks) to improve quality of generated texts from language models. The authors designed a thorough annotation process including data collection, training annotators in the pre-annotation phase and quality control by the feedback loop. The selected sentences for annotation cover 3 aspects: model, decoding strategy and prompt type (nominal, phrasal and sentential) with various domains (News, Wikipedia and Web Fictions) to diversify types of erroneous sentences produced by a variety of models with different sizes ranging from 110M to 2.6B parameters. The experimental results on the proposed benchmarks show that the diagnosis tasks are challenging and training a language model (here, GPT-2) on their dataset help reducing errors in the generated texts. Also, the discriminative models can be trained to automatically detect errors made by
Gold Metareview 67:
The reviewers all liked the paper. The authors' response clarified most points raised by the reviewers. In view of that, the authors are strongly invited to take the feedback on board for the final version. The main ethical issue raised by reviewers is the risk of erasure and invisibility of linguistic variability in Chinese language training data. Data cards need to be added to the final version.

Generated Summary 68:
Asynchronous stochastic gradient descent for Byzantine distributed learning in a parameter-server setting using asynchronous updates, and without the need for storing training instances on the master node; this is the main selling point of the algorithm, and deems the method sufficiently novel in my opinion. The motivation for avoiding storing instances is not well fleshed out, but I would suggest reworking the motivation exposition a little. Note that the bounded gradient assumption is very strong!
Gold Metareview 68:
The authors present BASGD and asynchronous version of SGD that attempts to be robust against byzantine failures/attacks. 
The papers is overall well written and clearly presents the results. Some novelty is present as there have been limited work in asynchronous algorithms for byzantine ML. 

However, there have been several concerns raised by the reviewers, on which I agree, and they have not been fully addressed:
1) the tradeoff between asynchrony and robustness, as BASGD cannot handle the case of a buffer being straggler, which limits some of the novelty in this work
2) issues with the definition of privacy leakage has not been fully addressed
3) some reviewers mentioned the theoretical results being of limited importance, but arguably this is true for other related work in this area. Perhaps a general criticism is valid as to what is the operational value of the proposed guarantees. That is convergence does not exclude a model that has undesirable properties, eg has bad prediction accuracy for a small subset of tasks.
4) Finally, the motivation of the system model of the paper ( eg storing gradients as opposed to instances) paper is of unclear practical relevance, as was raised by multiple reviewers. 

Overall the consensus was that the paper does have merits, however, some of the most major concerns were not properly addressed. This paper can potentially be improved for a future venue.



Generated Summary 69:
A solid paper with strong empirical results and a solid framework for post-training quantization. Weakness: The paper shows some originality but is not novel enough. The authors clearly state the difference and demonstrate the effectiveness of proposed techniques, but previous methods play a more important role in the discrete optimization problem. From finger 3, we can learn the efficiency of Network-Wise Quantization. (acceptable). / (good-to-excellent evaluation, resources, reproducibility, and no unaddressed ethical considerations)
Gold Metareview 69:
This paper studies post-training quantization by proposing Network-Wise Quantization (NWQ) an end-to-end quantization approach that takes into account relationships between layers rather than treating layers independently. Using this approach, the paper demonstrates compelling empirical gains across a number of architectures and compression factors. Reviewers recognized the practical success of the approach as demonstrated by these empirical results and praised the clarity of the manuscript. However, there were concerns regarding the novelty of the approach and whether the proposed method is simply a composition of previous methods. While I understand these concerns, I think there is a significant delta between this work and previous approaches, especially when taking into account the markedly improved performance and the challenges of determining how to apply these lines of thinking to end-to-end training. The authors also expanded their discussion of these works in their updated manuscript, clarifying the differences. There were also concerns regarding the hyperparameter tuning, but the authors clarified in their response that the large majority of experiments used a constant set of hyperparameters, suggesting that these results are not simply the effect of tuning. Altogether, I think this paper makes an impactful contribution and will be a valuable addition to the conference.

Generated Summary 70:
This paper provides a method to do explicit IB functional estimation for deep neural networks inspired from the recent mutual information estimation method (MINE). By using the method, the authors 1) validate the IB theory of deep nets using weight decay, which is a novel founding. This paper does a very good job of citing recent relevant work. Rating: 5 - Marginally below acceptance threshold confidence: 4 - The reviewer is confident but not absolutely certain that the evaluation is correct
Gold Metareview 70:
This paper does two things. First, it proposes an approach to estimating the mutual information between the input, X, or target label, Y, and an internal representation in a deep neural network, L, using MINE (for I(Y;L)) or a variation on MINE (for I(X;L)) and noise regularization (estimating I(X;L+ε), where ε is isotropic Gaussian white noise) to avoid the problem that I(X;L) is infinite for deterministic networks and continuous X. Second, it attempts to validate the information bottleneck theory of deep learning (Tishby and Zaslavsky, 2015) by exploring an approach to training DNNs that optimizes the information bottleneck Lagrangian, I(Y;L) − βI(X;L+ε), layerwise instead of using cross-entropy and backpropagation. Experiments on MNIST and CIFAR-10 show improvements for the layerwise training over cross-entropy training. The penalty on I(X;L+ε) is described as being analogous to weight decay. The reviewers raised a number of concerns about the paper, the most serious of which is that the claim that the layerwise training results validate the information bottleneck theory of deep learning is too strong. In the AC's opinion, R1's critique that "[i]f the true mutual information is infinite and the noise regularized estimator is only meant for comparative purposes, why then are the results of the training trajectories interpreted so literally as estimates of the true mutual information?" is critical, and the authors' reply that "this quantity is in fact a more appropriate measure for “compactness” or “complexity” than the mutual information itself" undermines their claim that they are validating the information bottleneck theory of deep nets because the information bottleneck theory claims to be using mutual information. The AC also suggests that if the authors wish to continue this work and submit it to another venue, they (1) discuss the fact that MINE estimates only a lower bound that may be quite loose in practice and (2) say in their experimental section whether or not the variance of the regularizing noise was tuned as a hyperparameter, and if so, how results varied with different amounts of noise. Finally, the AC regrets that only one reviewer participated in the discussion (in a very minimal way), despite the reviewers' receiving several reminders that the discussion is a defining feature of the ICLR review process.

Generated Summary 71:
This paper proposes an approach based on label neighborhood graph that improves the query complexity compared with regular active learning from both theoretical and empirical perspectives. This paper is very interesting and the proposed approach is technically sound. The evaluation has a theoretical part and an experimental part though. A new graph-based active learning algorithm NbrGraphSGD(G) that uses this label comparison by building neighborhood graphs. They experiment in synthetic and real-dataset against a few benchmarks.
Gold Metareview 71:
Meta Review: Generally, the idea of querying the label comparisons to is an interesting and natural choice to enable active learning in real-world tasks. Both theoretical analyses and empirical studies have been reported in this paper. The whole paper is well organized and easy to follow.

The expeirmental studies performed in this paper can be improved, such as considering performance comparison in passive learning, the inclusion of more SOTA baselines, etc.

Generated Summary 72:
This paper presents an interesting conceptual advance connecting causality, disentangled representation learning, invariant representations and robust classification. The authors propose a Counterfactual Generative Network (CGN), which is basically "modular" generative adversarial network that can independently control the generation of independent factors of variations in the data corresponding to Independent Mechanism, i.e. independent factors in the structural causal model of the data. In the context of generating natural images like those comprising the ImageNet dataset, the CGN once trained can be used to generate high-quality counterfactual images with direct control over of factors of variation
Gold Metareview 72:
The paper presents a "conceptual  advance connecting causality, disentangled representation learning, invariant representations and robust classification". Authors propose to decompose the image generation process to independent mechanism that can be composed (foreground masks (shapes), forground texture, and backgrounds), allowing for a specific image to generate counterfactuals , by changing some variations factors, while keeping other fixed. One can use interventional data to augment classifiers, this can lead in certain cases to improvement in accuracy and in other in improving the robustness. 

There was concerns about the clarity of the paper regarding the structured causal model considered and its applicability beyond image generation, experimental protocol for choosing hyperparameters (loss scaling and ratios of real data and interventional samples ) and some missing references. The rebuttal of the authors and their updated paper reflected comprehensively all those concerns and addressed them, highlighting limitations of the method and adding more examples of its failures. 

I liked the ideas and concepts in  this paper , and it will be exciting to generalize such generative approach to other domains, this  work is a first step. I think it will be good addition to ICLR program 

Generated Summary 73:
1. Yes 2. Consistency training would be beneficial 3. Yes 4. More experiments 5. Yes 6. Marginally above acceptance threshold confidence: 2: The reviewer is willing to defend the evaluation, but it is quite likely that the reviewer did not understand Knowledge Tracing (KT) improves the accuracy of a student's prediction. The authors observe that the predictive model should obey certain 3 common sense constraints. If a question is replaced in the student’s data by a very similar question, the prediction should not change much. If an additional correct question is added to the data, the odds of the student being correct on the next question should go up, and the odds should go down for questions being removed and/or added with incorrect responses. The author would have appreciated more information about the 'skill sets' associated with each question and how that impacts the replacement.
Gold Metareview 73:
The paper proposes new techniques for improving the generalization ability of deep learning models for Knowledge Tracing (KT). Instead of designing more sophisticated models, the paper investigates simple data augmentation techniques that can be applied to train existing models. In particular, three different augmentation strategies are proposed based on replacement, insertion, and deletion in the training data. These strategies are then applied with appropriate regularization loss ensuring consistency and monotonicity in the training process. Extensive experiments are performed using three popular neural models for KT and four publicly available datasets. Overall, the paper studies an interesting problem in an important application domain of online education. The results are promising and open up several exciting follow-up research directions to explore more complex data augmentation techniques for KT.

I want to thank the authors for actively engaging with the reviewers during the discussion phase and sharing their concerns about the quality of the reviews.  The reviewers generally appreciated the paper's ideas; however, there was quite a bit of spread in the reviewers' assessment of the paper (scores: 4, 5, 6, 7). In summary, this is a borderline paper, and unfortunately, the final decision is a rejection. The reviewers have provided detailed and constructive feedback for improving the paper. In particular, the authors should incorporate the reviewers' feedback to better position the work w.r.t. the existing literature on data augmentation and state of the art results, better motivate the data augmentation strategies in the context of educational applications possibly through additional data analysis, and add more ablation studies w.r.t. the hyperparameters associated with data augmentation. This is exciting and potentially impactful work, and we encourage the authors to incorporate the reviewers' feedback when preparing future revisions of the paper.


Generated Summary 74:
Positives: Technically solid, moderate-to-high impact paper, with no major concerns with respect to evaluation, resources, reproducibility, ethical considerations, but not absolutely certain, that you did not understand some parts of the submission or that you are unfamiliar with some pieces of related work. [That said, I am no expert in the area of learned initialization.] The main experiments look reasonable, though I would recommend making some extra comparisons.
Gold Metareview 74:
The paper introduces a new procedure to initialize the optimisation in training process of DNN models, including the recent ViT architecture. All the reviewers recommend acceptance and appreciate the promising empirical results backed by the strong theoretical foundations. AC recommends acceptance as well.

Generated Summary 75:
A new type of generative models with a new inference method of latent variables is proposed. The model is easy and straightforward to implement. However, the model assumption that the one step gradient from zero vector equals latent vector is quite limited and greatly constrains the model expressiveness is badly needed. I think it would greatly help to study each piece in more detail (theoretically or empirically) to establish what makes GONs successful, different, and how this improves our understanding of implicit representations in neural networks.
Gold Metareview 75:
This paper presents a new inference mechanism for latent variable models, by taking the derivative of log-likelihood with respect to a zero-valued vector. Initially, the reviewers raised concerns mostly regarding the limited experimentation and missing baselines. However, in the revised version, the authors addressed most of these concerns. 

Given that most reviewers are positive after the revision and since the proposed method is simple and interesting, I recommend accepting this paper.

Generated Summary 76:
confidence: 4: The reviewer is confident but not absolutely certain that the evaluation is correct The paper pursues the research question of how to evaluate representation learning for echocardiographic data (ultrasound images of the heart). This is tough because available open-access datasets, while valuable, each cover only a subset of the supervised tasks of interest and may not offer too many labeled examples for their chosen tasks. The first contribution is a suite of 25 specific "visual task adaption" benchmarks, listed in Table 2. Each involves a source and a target choice of dataset-view-label. The second contribution is an evaluation protocol that helps grade overall representations, via an average across tasks and task-categories (Eq 1). The idea is to be able to assess the "overall usefulness" of a representation across tasks, via a single metric.
Gold Metareview 76:
The consensus among the reviewers was that this work covers an important topic and a broad number of tasks. There were concerns about the documentation, reproducibility, and accessibility of the dataset. But the authors have done a good job in addressing most of these concerns with documentation, an API, and example notebooks.

Generated Summary 77:
summary: A new graph-based Twitter bot detection benchmark dataset. This dataset contains over 100,000 bot users which is very useful for research on social media data. Furthermore, the author performs extensive evaluation using latest methods and re-implemented previous baselines and compared the performance of their dataset. Good paper, accept confidence: 4: The reviewer is confident but not absolutely certain that the evaluation is correct This paper utilizes a graph based approach, TwiBot-22, which contains bot detection dataset that establishes the largest benchmark. Additionally, the authors perform extensive evaluation with several existing datasets to draw comparison with the Graph based method. The primary strengths of the paper are the dataset which contains more users than the existing dataset and is a heterogeneous information network, including 4 entities and 14 relation types. The authors do not discuss any limitations.
Gold Metareview 77:
In this work, the utilize a graph based approach to create the largest Twitter bot detection dataset, with over 100K bot users identified. The dataset is of great use for the social media mining community in many different aspects. The work was greatly improved after a very interactive and fruitful discussion period, making the contribution a lot more refined and useful.

Pros:
- Largest dataset available.
- Thorough evaluation
- Addition of most reviewer's suggestions have strengthen the details in the paper

Cons:
- Minor statistical rigor elements are missing, but not completely necessary.
 

Generated Summary 78:
Rating: 4: The reviewer is confident but not absolutely certain that the evaluation is correct The authors present an image dataset of everyday household items from homes around the world, including metadata about the region, country, home monthly income, and tags of the objects in the images. This dataset includes 38,479 images of 289 common household objects photographed from 404 homes across 63 nations. Each image has full demographic information such as global area, country name and monthly income. The authors wish to reduce amerocentric and eurocentric representation bias in current datasets (ImageNet, OpenImages, etc.) that hurts the performance of classification tasks on images from other regions. This paper introduces a new image dataset presenting household items with their respected income value.
Gold Metareview 78:
The AC has taken into account all strengths and weaknesses mentioned by reviewers in making a recommendation for this paper. Here is the summary of what was considered in carefully considering a final decision:

* Reviewers agree that the presented resource, the Dollar Street dataset, addresses a need for models that can be held more accountable in terms of geographic diversity and demographic diversity. 
* There is generally no issues in terms of methodology or soundness of the proposed resource.
* Unfortunately, experiments on demonstrating the usefulness of this resource are limited, and largely replicate what was already found in Devries et al. 2019, a workshop paper at CVPR from three years ago which also used the same source of data -- and at the same scale. The analysis in this previous paper in some way go further by matching image categories using human evaluators individually for each image -- as pointed out by reviewer dcyB.
* The dataset was downloaded from a third party's website and as such the authors had no control in how the images were collected, nor there was any effort to enhance this resource in terms of annotations, diversity or size.
* The dataset size is 38k images which is a rather small dataset for training or enhancing a model, and its use would be limited mostly as a benchmark dataset. As a benchmark however experiments seem limited as pointed by reviewer eAoC. An experiment on training on this dataset and evaluating on this dataset is performed only with a Resnet network, however it is hard to assess what is the significance of this experiment. 

There are various suggestions made by reviewers below that would enhance the quality of this paper. Despite shortcomings, reviewers are still enthusiastic to see this dataset in an easy to use format as a benchmark. I also strongly suggest the authors to revise their section on licensing where it says "Training machine learning models on public domain work is widely accepted legally." as it does not seem appropriate for this paper to be making determinations or recommendations as to what is considered legal or not. 


Generated Summary 79:
A review of a paper on dynamic tensor products regression with a single core observation that explains the design of their algorithm and their improved runtimes. It is possible that you did not understand some parts of the submission or that you are unfamiliar with some pieces of related work. [AKK+20] tree data structure can be used in combination with known sketching techniques to solve a more generalized version of regression and low rank approximation problems.
Gold Metareview 79:
My main concern, that was addressed by the reviewers and was not answered by the authors, is that the improvement is q times faster algorithm for an algorithm that takes time exponential in q. In addition, the missing experimental results makes this a very theoretical paper.

Still, I recommend to accept the paper due to the significance of the problem, and conditioned on the promise of the authors to update the requested changes in the final verison.



Generated Summary 80:
This paper presents a novel view of how contrastive learning can be used by itself, and without any additional RL training on top, to learn goal conditioned policies from pre-collected data. The authors well motivate their approach, compare it extensively with related work on learning goal-conditioned policies, as well as works that use an additional representation learning objective on top of a RL algorithm. The overall conclusion is that a much simpler method, like the one presented, can perform similarly well, and in some cases even better, than more complicated baselines.
Gold Metareview 80:
How to design RL algorithms that directly acquire good representations? This paper gives an answer that contrastive representation learning can be cast as a goal-conditioned RL using the inner product of learned representations.
The technical novelty of this paper is sound, with the thorough theoretic motivation of the proposed method and solid experiments. The presentation of this paper is also satisfactory.
All the reviewers provided positive feedback on this paper. I also enjoy reading this paper.


Generated Summary 81:
Pros - This paper explores an interesting semi-supervised learning setting in which the unlabeled data contain not only the seen class but also novel classes. It is not clear whether the design of the proposed method really leads to the improvement of the performance or not. The authors use SimCLR to pretrain the model, the pretrained model has already had a substantially good feature representation. Consequently, if we know the number of classes in the training data, unsupervised learning methods like [R1] (or simple clustering methods) might work well to discriminate all classes.
Gold Metareview 81:
This work addresses a novel and important real-world setting for semi-supervised learning – the open-world problem where unlabeled data may contain novel classes that are not seen in labeled data.  The paper provides an approach by combining three loss functions: a supervised cross-entropy loss, a pairwise cross-entropy loss with adaptive uncertainty margin, and a regularization towards uniform distribution.  

The authors were responsive to reviewers’ comments and have respectively improved their paper by adding experiments, including an ablation study of each component of the objective function, study of the effect regularization on unbalanced class distributions, reporting accuracy on pseudo-labels.  While two reviewers have slightly increased their scores, some concerns still remain.

This is a borderline paper, and after some discussion and calibration, we decided that the work in its current form does not quite meet the bar for acceptance.

Generated Summary 82:
Achieving a novel method for approximating offline algorithms in an online setting. The main weakness is the main claim seem incorrect. The author prosed a multi-tasks-based method to learn from the datasets created by the offline algorithms. However, the online algorithms trained in this paper do not directly attempt to approximate the offline algorithm. A novel formulation and research topic. I would like to see a more detailed explanation of how the algorithm works and how it can be used to predict the future of an offline algorithm
Gold Metareview 82:
## A Brief Summary
This paper uses offline algorithms that can see the entire time-series to approximate the online algorithms that can only view the past time-series. The way this is done is basically, the offline algorithm is used to provide discrete class targets to train the online algorithm. The paper presents results on synthetic and historical stock market data.

## Reviewer s1H9
**Strengths:**
- Practical problem.
- Novel approach.
- Clear presentation.
**Weaknesses:**
- No other baselines.
- No theoretical guarantees behind the approach.
- Writing could be improved.

## Reviewer EgW9
**Strengths:**
- Clear writing.
- Interesting research direction.
**Weaknesses:**
- The primary claim seems incorrect and unclear. 
- Due to the unclarity about the primary claim of this paper, it is difficult to evaluate the paper. 
- Lack of baselines.
- The lack of discussions of the related works.

## Reviewer gii5
**Strengths:**
- Interesting and novel approach.
**Weaknesses:**
- Difficult to evaluate, with no empirical baselines or theoretical evidence.
- The datasets used in the paper are not used in the literature before. Authors should provide experimental results on datasets from the literature as well.
- The paper needs to compare against the other baselines discussed in the related works.
- More ablations and analysis on the proposed algorithm is required.
- Unsubstantiated claims regarding being SOTA on the task, since the paper doesn't compare against any other baselines on these datasets.
- The paper can be restructured to improve the flow and clarity.

## Reviewer zoKR
**Strengths:**
- Novel and interesting research topic.
- Bridging classical algorithms and ML.
- Clearly written.
 
**Weaknesses:**
- Lack of motivation for the problem.
- The approach only works with offline algorithms that work on time-segmented data.

## Reviewer aaFn
**Strengths:**
- Novel algorithm.

**Weaknesses:**
- Potentially overfitting to the offline data.
- Data hungry approach.
- Confusion related to the occurrence moments of predicted future actions.
- Section 2 is difficult to understand.

## Key Takeaways and Thoughts
Overall, I think the problem setup is very interesting. However, as pointed out by reviewers gii5 and EgW5, due to the lack of baselines, it is tough to compare the proposed algorithm against other approaches, and this paper's evaluation is challenging. I would recommend the authors include more ablations in the future version of the paper and baselines and address the other issues pointed out above by the reviewers.

Generated Summary 83:
A strong paper, with novel ideas, excellent evaluation, resources, and reproducibility, and no unaddressed ethical considerations. It is unlikely, but not impossible, that you did not understand some parts of the submission or that you are unfamiliar with some pieces of related work. The evaluation is incredibly convincing, and the ablations are well chosen and are crucial in showing the efficacy of the proposed approach. The major concern of this paper comes with its design and evaluation metrics. The authors stated in the limitation section that the proposed model possesses the disadvantage that it can not learn from the expert's feedback. This, in my opinion, is a critical issue since it always requires expert knowledge to perform well and fails to leverage extra in-context expert knowledge.
Gold Metareview 83:
I thank the authors for their submission and active participation in the discussions. This paper introduces a method for learning a policy that can ask an expert for help, i.e., to obtain the expert action. On the positive side, reviewers found the method to be general [uya8], original and significant [gw2r], intruiging in terms of being able to reuse an existing policy [HGan], and tackling an important problem [rsmr,bRWC], and the paper to be clear [uya8,gw2r,rsmr,bRWC]. In terms of negative points, reviewers were concerned about the novelty [bRWC], unimpressive qualitative results despite strong quantitative results [bRWC], and issues with the range of baselines [bRWC,rsmr] and ablations considered [uya8]. Overall, the paper is borderline. However, bRWC indicated they would raise their score but I don't see this being reflected. Furthermore, in my view reviewer rsmr's concerns regarding baselines and ablations has been addressed by the author rebuttal. Thus, I am siding with reviewers gw2r and HGan, and recommend acceptance. However, I very strongly encourage the authors to further improve their paper based on the reviewer feedback, in particular the points raised by reviewer bRWC regarding the importance of the Success Prediction component of the method.  

Generated Summary 84:
Rating: 6: Acceptable: Technically solid, moderate-to-high impact paper, with no major concerns with respect to evaluation, resources, reproducibility, ethical considerations. Math/other details were not carefully checked. Under realizable setting, the error rate is proportional to $eta$ and the VC dimension of the hypothesis set, which can be attained by a deterministic learner. Under agnostic setting, a lower bound is present to show an inevitable multiplicative deterioration in the regret.
Gold Metareview 84:
All reviewers agree that this paper comprehensively studies a fundamental question of PAC learning under instance-targeted poisoning, including the study of realizable, agnostic, deterministic learning settings; overall this paper makes a nice contribution to the field of robust machine learning. 

The authors are strongly encouraged to incorporate the comments by the reviewers, including revising on motivating examples, terminologies, etc. 

Generated Summary 85:
Summary: Strengths: The paper is well written and clean. Weaknesses: I have several concerns regarding this paper. The authors propose to use Ricci flow to compute the distance between nodes so that to sample edges with respect to that distance. The only novel part is that each layer gets a new graph; however, this choice is not motivated (why not to train all layers of GNN on different graphs instead?) and has problems (see next).
Gold Metareview 85:
The paper proposes a new defense against adversarial attacks on graphs using a reweighting scheme based on Ricci-flow. Reviewers highlighted that the paper introduces interesting ideas and that the use of Ricci-curvature/flow is a novel and promising contribution. Reviewers also recognized that the paper has significantly improved after rebuttal and clarified some aspects of their initial reviews.

However, there exist still concerns around the current version of the manuscript. In particular, important aspects of the method and algorithm, as well as some design choices are currently unclear. This includes evaluating and discussing robustness, training method, and practicality/improvements in real-world scenarios. I agree with the majority of the reviewers that the current version requires an additional revision to iron out the aforementioned issues. However, I also agree with the reviewers that the overall idea is promising and I'd encourage the authors to revise and resubmit their work with considering the feedback from this round of reviews.

Generated Summary 86:
Weaknesses: This paper addresses the problem of global rigid registration which is a fundemental problem in computer vision or graphics and they proposed a region-aware decoder and fuse the transformation predicted for all those regions. This paper is understandably written and the method is presented such that it can likely be reproduced based on the paper. The discussed related work is comprehensive, however, it is notable that no papers from 2020 or 2021 are cited (this includes relevant prior art that might outperform the presented method).
Gold Metareview 86:
This paper proposes a learning-based method for shape registration that conditions on regions of the shape rather than learning from the entire point cloud in one shot.  The reviewers point out several questions about the method, thanks to expository issues as well as missing comparisons/ablation studies.  As the authors have chosen not to submit a rebuttal, I will refer them to the original reviews for details here for additional points of improvement.

Generated Summary 87:
Good empirical study of several reward learning measures. The point is interesting and timely. While there is a very rich literature in this space with major claims and cool demonstrations, it looks like the evaluation methodologies followed are often fundamentally flawed. The paper does a good job in showing the existence of the issue, which is perhaps tacitly known but, to my knowledge, had yet to be formally investigated. Both theoretical and empirical evidence / arguments are presented, which makes it clear the problem exists across multiple settings. The theoretical results are based on very simple constructed examples, and the numerical results are for relatively simple domains. #### Weaknesses - not focused on robotics. This seems like it may not be the best fit for CoRL.
Gold Metareview 87:
Post discussion update
------------------------

The authors completed a rebuttal that addressed all of the reviewers' critiques, and also uploaded a revised and improved manuscript. The most significant improvement seems to be the addition of a small related work section in the introduction and a limitation plus future work section at the end of the paper. However, since the final paper has an 8 page limit, the current 9-page manuscript will need to be shortened. 

The clarifications seemed to sway two of the reviewers toward increasing their ratings. Generally, it's clear that although this is a non-standard paper, it raises interesting and potentially provocative points that would be great for the CORL community to discuss. Therefore, I am recommending acceptance.



Original review
----------------


This paper addresses the HRI challenge of measuring how well a robot has learned a user's reward function. It describes two main types of measures---parameter-based and reward-based---and provides both theoretical and empirical examples of the shortcomings of each. 


Strengths
* This seems like the type of paper that would be useful to assign in an HRI course or give to a new grad student, because it clearly explains the different measures and provides a comparison of them.

* Reviewers noted that the issues brought up by this paper are important and very relevant to current approaches. The paper is timely.

* Reviewers agreed that paper balances well between theory and empirical examples. 

* The paper was well written and easy to understand.


Weaknesses

* The main critique is that reviewers feel that the paper doesn't go deeply enough into the discussion of what to do with these findings. How should robotics researchers use this information to design better measures? In what cases are these measures likely to fail, or to be accurate? Section 6 poses such questions, but it would add substantially to the novelty of the paper if there was some suggestion of where to go from here.  

* Although the paper bills itself as a survey, reviewers noted that it doesn't provide much of a discussion of related work. Reviewers also provided additional citations that address some of the issues brought up regarding current measures of performance. 

* A couple of reviewers questioned the connection to robot learning in particular.

* There is no limitations statement, which is a required component.

Generated Summary 88:
This paper presents a simple yet strong baseline tracker, named SwinTrack, for single object tracking (SOT). strengths and weaknesses of this paper, I found the novelty to be significant. The novelty is not remarkable: the authors are adopting the Swin backbone, while concatenation fusion is also used in Stark. However, I believe that this paper brings substantial value to the tracking field by consolidating existing techniques, while investigating important details in order to achieve a simplified, yet highly powerful tracking framework.
Gold Metareview 88:
Authors present a method for single object tracking (SOT) that is entirely comprised of transformers. The architecture is simple: 

1) Swin is used to generate embeddings for both template and search region
2) Embeddings are concatenated
3) An encoder transformer performs MHSA of the embeddings.
4) A decoder performs cross-attention from search tokens to template tokens and a special "motion token" which is constructed from a linear operation over the prior motion trajectory relative to the frame. 
5) Output token is fed to final layers that perform IoU aware classification and bounding box regression.

Evaluations are performed on 5 SOT datasets, achieving SOTA on all of them.


Pros:
- [AC/R] Important problem, technically sound, and new SOTA on this task.
- [AC/R] New motion token approach is novel and provides significant improvement.
- [AC/R] Simple and elegant architecture
- [AC/R] Insightful discussions
- [AC/R] Clearly written and easy to follow
- [AC/R] Interesting ablations
- [AC/R] High frame rate

Cons:
- [R] Low novelty of transformer approach, but this is negated by the novelty of the motion token.
- [R] Details regarding pretraining are missing. Authors provide in response.
- [R] Motivation of motion token design is not clear. Authors provided further ablations of different implementations of the motion token, showing the current form performs best.
- [R] Provide additional details regarding where and how SwinTrack outperforms other approaches on the benchmarks. Authors provided additional granularity of performance stratifications within the LaSOT benchmark.
- [R] Add more recent high performing trackers. Authors added several methods published in 2022.
- [R] Some additional questions about various details were posed by reviewers, which will all answered by the authors. 

The single reviewer with reject recommendation changed to accept in their comments after the discussion period but did not update their score. Given unanimous agreement on accept, AC recommendation is accept. 

AC Rating: Strong Accept

Generated Summary 89:
Positives: a solid, moderate-to-high impact paper, with no major concerns with respect to evaluation, resources, reproducibility, ethical considerations. a strong, moderate to high impact paper. Weaknesses: 1. Only one version of robust network considered - those trained with PGD based adversarial examples 2. The rational of using CKA to measure representational similarities is not appropriately justified 3. The expression "fundamental disjunct between aggregate properties and layer-wise representation similarity metrics..." is rather vague. (Weakness: 4).
Gold Metareview 89:
The authors study representations obtained from image classifiers and contrast the classic training with adversarial training, so-called non-robust and robust networks, respectively. The authors primarily use the CKA metric on CIFAR10 and subsets of ImageNet2012 provide several novel insights on "salient pitfalls" in robust networks which suggest that robust representations are less specialized with a weaker block structure, early layers in robust networks are largely unaffected by adversarial examples as the representations seem similar for benign vs. perturbed inputs, deeper layers overfit during robust learning, and that models trained to be robust to different threat models have similar representations.

The reviewers agreed that these contributions are interesting to the larger community and that the presentation of the results is clear and straightforward. The main issues raised by the reviewers were carefully addressed in the rebuttal. Please update the manuscript as discussed.

Generated Summary 90:
summary: Weakness: 4: You are confident in your assessment, but not absolutely certain, that you did not understand some parts of the submission or that you are unfamiliar with some pieces of related work. This paper proposed a curriculum value-based reinforcement learning algorithm. I'm not sure if it's a good idea for curriculum learning, but I'd like to see a more rigorous evaluation of the method.
Gold Metareview 90:
The paper proposes a novel curriculum learning method for RL based on the concept of boosting. The proposed method builds on the curriculum value-based RL framework and uses boosting to reuse action-values from previous tasks when solving the current task. The method is analyzed theoretically in terms of approximation accuracy and convergence. Moreover, extensive experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of the method. The reviewers acknowledged the importance of the studied problem setting and generally appreciated the results. I want to thank the authors for their detailed responses that helped in answering some of the reviewers' questions and increased their overall assessment of the paper. At the end of the discussion phase, there was a clear consensus that the paper should be accepted. The reviewers have provided detailed feedback in their reviews, and we strongly encourage the authors to incorporate this feedback when preparing a revised version of the paper.

Generated Summary 91:
The authors should have included a cdot instead of a negative Shannon entropy, because the equation is the negative Shannon version of the equation, not the positive Shannon version. GANs can maximize a lower bound on the likelihood of the observed data distribution and the empirical distribution which is already a nice measure of "progress", having a bound on a likelihood can be interesting as it gives access to the joint distribution of latent and observed variables
Gold Metareview 91:
The paper's strength is in that it shows the log likelihood objective is lower bounded by a GAN objective plus an entropy term. The theory is novel (but it seems to relate closely to the work https://arxiv.org/abs/1711.02771.) The main drawback the reviewer raised includes a) it's not clear how tight the lower bound is; b) the theory only applies to a particular subcase of GANs --- it seems that the only reasonable instance that allows efficient generator is the case where Y = G(x)+\xi where \xi is Gaussian noise. The authors addressed the issue a) with some new experiments with linear generators and quadratic loss, but it lacks experiments with deep models which seems to be necessary since this is a critical issue. Based on this, the AC decided to recommend reject and would encourage the authors to add more experiments on the tightness of the lower bound with bigger models and submit to other top venues. 


Generated Summary 92:
The paper is clear and well-written. The results appear to give only modest gains at best (against comparable baselines to the best of my knowledge). For a number of the results the variance is large compared with the relative difference---it would helpful to also include tests of significance for these improvements. Weaknesses & Clarifications for the authors: The paper achieves a little improvement in performance in all three benchmarks and ablation experiments are helpful in understanding the results.
Gold Metareview 92:
The paper proposes an interesting step in the direction of neuro-symbolic reasoning. While there is no consensus among reviewers about the key novelty of the method, all acknowledge the interest of the direction. All of them also recognize that the submission improved greatly during the discussion phase: clarification of motivations, of experimental settings and results, of discussion with previous work.

However, despite those improvements, the submission is not yet ready for publication at ICLR. We encourage the authors to use the very detailed reviews and comments to improve the work. In particular, we encourage them to pay attention at three aspects:

1/ Comparison with large language models: the discussion wrt T5 is important. A key motivation for the proposed model is that it is bringing information and elements for QA (or other reasoning tasks) that purely scaling up language models can not bring. Or maybe they can bring the same kind of improvement but at a much lower computational cost. In any case, this is a very important point to justify the interest of such approach, and neuro-symbolic reasoning overall, empirically.

2/ Using GPT2 (or equivalent): the discussion on using GPT-2 for generating new facts is key too. It is essential to bring this description from appendix to the core of the paper. But more discussion are expected.  For instance, what if GPT-2 generates facts that are false and lead to answering and justifying a wrong answer? In other words, how does it impact the integrity of the contextualized KG? This is an essential point that needs to be worked on more thoroughly. 

3/ Overall there have been a lot of discussion to improve the motivations and the contributions. But they are not reflected in the paper necessarily. Following R2, we encourage the authors to "refocus the existing version (e.g., from vague discussion about neural-symbolic models towards establishing solid comparison to the most related previous work in various sections of the submission)"





Generated Summary 93:
Summary: Confidence: 3: You are fairly confident in your assessment of this work. I'd be interested in further experiments regarding diversity, e.g.: is there a number of containers after which diversity doesn't matter? Experiments seem to use two or three containers. If they weren't shared, would they more easily develop diverse policies? Since containers use local learners I expect some diversity even without the specific loss.
Gold Metareview 93:
This paper proposes a distributed containerized multi-agent reinforcement learning(CMARL) framework that addresses three challenges in MARL: 1) Demanding data transfer. 2) Inter-process communication. 3) Effective Exploration. Using a container that collects environment experiences from parallel actors into buffers and learns local policies, CMARL demonstrates notable performance improvements with respect to time as compared to state-of-the-art benchmarks.

Although the reviewers acknowledge that the paper addresses a relevant topic, proposes an effective method, and is well written, after reading the authors' feedback and discussing their concerns, the reviewers reached a consensus about rejecting this paper in its current form. They feel that the contribution is too incremental and that the experimental comparisons are somehow unfair.

I suggest the authors take into consideration the reviewers' suggestions while preparing an updated version of their paper for one of the forthcoming machine learning conferences.

Generated Summary 94:
A nonparametric sequential test for a fixed RL agent reward drift. This paper proposes a novel Bootstrap mechanism for False Alarm Rate Control. Overall, the technical contribution is very incremental and the problem itself, although it is proposed in the reinforcement learning setting, is of no fundamental difference with the classical mean shift in change-point detection literature. Boracchi, Giacomo, et al. "Quanttree: histograms for change detection in multivarate data streams."
Gold Metareview 94:
The paper's initial evaluation was below par, but the author feedback helped clarify several crucial points after which two of the reviewers increased their scores by a point, bringing the current evaluation to borderline. 

The paper addresses a relevant and challenging problem in the RL domain. However, in my opinion, from the reviewers' and authors' remarks and from my own reading of the paper, there are concerns that need to be addressed before the paper can be publication worthy. Primary among these is the quantum of novelty -- as many reviews point out, the key idea of viewing an episodic trajectory as a multivariate (vector) sample for running hypothesis tests is not novel in itself, as is the claim that new tests have been devised. Another crucial issue is the (parametric) assumption of normality for the episodic reward sequence which is not adequately justified in the paper -- even a two time-step trajectory with normal rewards per state transition can exhibit a mixture-of-Gaussians type reward distribution for the second state, breaking the assumption. As it transpired from the reviews of Reviewer4, reducing environment shift/degradation to just a mean change problem, without even considering a change in the variances (2nd order statistics), seems to be too stylized to be effective. There are other, nonparametric approaches in statistics based on testing for changes in the distribution function (kernel density estimation approaches, for instance), which could perhaps be applied without normality assumptions and yield favourable results. The experimental results for detection delay often show significant overlaps of the delay distributions for different procedures (e.g., Hotelling vs. Mean vs. UDT etc.), which does not indicate an advantage of the proposed method. 

I would urge the author(s) to assimilate the feedback and delve deeper as to why and how parametric procedures based on normality assumptions may or may not succeed, so as to significantly strengthen the theoretical and practical message of this work.  

Generated Summary 95:
A theoretical analysis of gradients of both features and CAG blocks in the backward process, with comparable performance with the baseline. Weaknesses: The number of clusters $k$ is tied to the bit, then the performance degradation of extreme cases including 1-bit or 2-bit is still a problem. This work tried to tackle the communication challenges of the collaborative learning system deployed in reality. Experiments show that the proposed method SGQ is very practical: a higher reduction ratio without accuracy loss compared to state-of-the-art methods such as Product Quantization Accept: Technically solid, moderate-to-high impact paper, with no major concerns with respect to evaluation, resources, reproducibility, ethical considerations.
Gold Metareview 95:
This paper proposes a novel communication-efficient learning method that significantly reduces feature size and communication traffic. The rebuttal solved the reviewers concerns about the dataset size and accuracy / latency trade off. 

Generated Summary 96:
Review: OK but not good enough - rejection: Confidence: 4: The reviewer is confident but not absolutely certain that the evaluation is correct - ICLR is about feature engineering. I am a big fan of NLP, but this paper lacks a literature review and comparison with any existing and relevant work. I expected to see performance plots for different tasks (whether just for this package or with comparison to some baseline alternatives)
Gold Metareview 96:

This paper presents "Automunge" a python library for pre-processing tabular data. 
The authors develop a useful library that can be used by practicioners for data engineering in NNs applications. 
The reviewers raised a common concern regarding the lack of focus on the actual usefulness of the librabry in improving the 
performance of the models that is applied on. A common concern was the lack of performance plots compared to other alternatives. 
In the response the authors have done a rather thorough job of addressing the reviewers comments and
adding material in the supplementary. However, given the current presentation, the manuscript needs a considerable amount of  rewriting to incorporate the suggested changes into the main paper. As it is, I don't think ICLR is the right venue for the manuscript.  It might reach its audience better in venues like SysMl or PyCon also suggested by a reviewer. 


Generated Summary 97:
This paper proposes an interpretable RL agent architecture that uses attention masks to produce visual explanations of the action selected by the policy and output of the value function. This is the first work to apply this type of visual explanation to RL. The paper introduces an attention mechanism into reinforcement learning agents to identify the attended visual regions for vision-based reinforcement learning tasks. Specifically, they applied a mask-attention mechanism on the DRL model (actor and critic), to make the learned policy explainable. The empirical results in Atari 2600 show that the performance of A3C is further improved by implementing mask attention on the actor and critic network separately.
Gold Metareview 97:
The paper proposes a method to generate attention masks to interpret the performance of RL agents. Results are presented on a few ATARI games. Reviewers unanimously vote for rejecting the papers. R1, R3 give a score of 5, whereas R4, R5 give a score of 4. Their concerns are best explained in their own words: 

R1 says, "The use of attention maps to analyze and explain deep neural networks is not new in itself, and learning attention maps to improve vision tasks is not new either."

R3 says, "the analysis of the learned attention masks seems selective. Some automatic metrics or systematic studies of different game categories (shooting, maze-like, and ball-and-paddle) may shed light on the learned attention's general property."

R5 says, "I am still not convinced by the quality of the provided visual explanations nor am I convinced that the attention is well correlated with the current frame (the additional experiments provided do help somewhat in this regard, but are not extensive and reasonably inconclusive"

In their rebuttal, to address R1's concern authors suggested that the use of attention on both value and policy networks is novel. This is not sufficient, because it does not show why such attention maps are more useful than ones proposed by prior work. As suggested by reviewers, a systematic study or a human study clearly showing that the proposed method adds more interpretability is critical. However, this is missing.  In response to R3, the authors provided experiments on more games. But this is not the point -- because it's not about the number of environments in which experiments are provided, but rather the nature of the analysis that is performed. Finally, R5 comments that it's unclear whether attention actually provided interpretability or not. 

Due to the lack of convincing analysis that demonstrates the utility of the proposed method in advancing the understanding of decisions made by RL agents, I recommend that the paper be rejected.



Generated Summary 98:
Rating: 4 -- Marginally above acceptance threshold. Confidence: 5 -- The reviewer is confident but not absolutely certain that the evaluation is correct. This paper is not a theory paper and therefore, the biggest concern is empirical evaluation. The shown performance is not comparable with existing high performing methods and therefore it is hard to judge without any direct comparison. The authors stated that their method can be applied on top of any existing method, which was not shown in this submission. Rating: 6 -- I tend to accept this paper with clarification asked. Though the paper has combined existing ideas to learn a robust classifier with noisy labels, the proposed classifier is outperforming when the noise rate is higher than class labels.
Gold Metareview 98:
The paper's stated contributions are:

(1) a new perspective on learning with label noise, which reduces the problem to a similarity learning (Ie, pairwise classification) task

(2) a technique leveraging the above to learn from noisy similarity labels, and a theoretical analysis of the same

(3) empirical demonstration that the proposed technique surpasses baselines on real-world benchmarks

Reviewers agreed that (1) is an interesting new perspective that is worthy of study. In the initial set of reviews, there were concerns about (2) and (3); for example, there were questions on whether the theoretical analysis studies the "right" quantity (pointwise vs pairwise loss), and a number of questions on the experimental setup and results (Eg, the computational complexity of the technique). Following a lengthy discussion, the authors clarified some of these points, and updated the paper accordingly.

At the conclusion of the discussion, three reviewers continued to express concerns on the following points:

- *Theoretical justification*. Following Theorem 3, the authors assert that their results "theoretically justifies why the proposed method works well". The analysis indeed provides some interesting properties of the reduction, such as the fact that it preserves learnability (Appendix F), and that the "total noise" is reduced (Theorem 2). However, a complete theoretical justification would involve guaranteeing that the quantity of interest (Ie, the clean pointwise classification risk) is guaranteed to be small under the proposed technique. Such a guarantee is lacking. 
  - This is not to suggest that such a guarantee is easy -- as the authors note, this might involve a bound that relates pointwise and pairwise classification in multi-class settings, and such bounds have only recently been shown for binary problems -- or necessary for their method being practical useful (per discussion following Theorem 3). Nonetheless, without such a bound, there are limits to what the current theory justifies about the technique's performance in terms of the final metric of interest.

- *Comparison to SOTA*. Reviewers noted that the gains of the proposed technique are often modest, with the exception of CIFAR-100 with high noise. Further, the best performing results are significantly worse than those reported in two recent works, namely, Iterative-CV and DivideMix. The authors responded to the former in the discussion, and suggested that they might be able to combine results with the latter. While plausible, given that the latter sees significant gains (Eg, >40% on CIFAR-100), concrete demonstration of this point is advisable: it is not immediately apparent to what extent the gains of the proposed technique seen on "simple" methods (Eg, Forward) would translate more "complex" ones (Eg, DivideMix).
  - In the response, the authors also mentioned that (at least the initial batch of) the experiments are intended to be a proof-of-concept. This would be perfectly acceptable for a work with a strong theoretical justification. However, per above, this point is not definitive.

- *Creation of Clothing1M*. The authors construct a variant of Clothing1M which merges the classes 3 and 5. Given that prior work compares methods on the original data, and that this potentially reflects noise one may encounter in some settings, it is advisable to at least report results on the original, unmodified version.

- *Issues with clarity*. There are some grammatical issues (Eg, "is exact the"), typos (Eg, "over 3 trails"), notational inconsistencies (Eg, use of C for # of classes in Sec 2, but then c in Sec 3.1), and imprecision in explanation (Eg, Sec 3.2 could be clearer what precise relationships are used from [Hsu et al. 2019]).
  - These are minor but ought to be fixed with a careful proof-read.

Cumulatively, these points suggest that the work would be served by further revision and review. The authors are encouraged to incorporate the reviewers' detailed comments.

Generated Summary 99:
This paper combines the convergence analysis of averaged stochastic gradient descent on kernel methods with the connection of kernel method with neural network to derive an optimal convergence rate of NN in NTK regime while the proof technique is novel. To achieve, they propose a new parameter which captures the complexities’’ of the target function and the RKHS associated with the NTK. I am tending to accept the paper. Optimal Rates for Averaged Stochastic Gradient Descent under Neural Tangent Kernel Regime''.
Gold Metareview 99:
The paper presents some exciting results on the convergence of averaged SGD for overparameterized two-layer neural networks. The AC and reviewers all agree that the contributions are significant and well presented, and appreciate the author feedback to the reviews. The corresponding revisions on assumptions and references, and the added simplified proposition in the introduction have nicely improved the manuscript. 

Generated Summary 100:
Strength: 4: This paper addresses contact prediction for PPI by proposing a geometric deep learning framework. They use a k nearest neighbor representation for each protein and compute geometric-based attention scores to convolute the messages over this graph. This paper proposes a state of the art deep learning architecture for predicting mutual contacts between proteins. Specifically, this paper presents a Geometric Transformer for rotation and translation invariant protein interface contact prediction, given 3D protein structures.
Gold Metareview 100:
This paper presents a novel neural network architecture to predict interacting residues among two interacting proteins, and evaluates its performance on benchmarks. While the reviews were initially mixed, there has been a productive discussion and significant improvements in the paper during the discussion, including in particular much needed clarifications about the proposed methods, and more experimental results with an ablation study to better assess the benefits of various design choices. While no reviewer is willing to champion this paper as a "strong accept", due to the relatively modest novelty compared to existing methods, there is a consensus towards "weak accept" given the final quality of the work presented and potential usefulness of the method for the problem tackled.

Generated Summary 101:
Pre-Trained Representations and Policies for RL from Pixels, a Novel Technique for Unsupervised Representation Learning (RL) Using Particle-Based Entropy Estimation The paper addresses a very relevant reward-free exploration objective as a preprocessing to RL. The method iterates between minimizing a contrastive loss and maximizing an intrinsic reward derived from a k-NN entropy estimation of the state distribution and empirically evaluates the method over a set of visual Mujoco tasks and Atari games.
Gold Metareview 101:
The authors propose a particle-based entropy estimate for intrinsic motivation for pre-training an RL agent to then perform in an environment with rewards. As the reviewers discussed, and also mentioned in their reviews, this paper bears stark similarity to work of 5 months ago, presented at the ICML 2020 Lifelong ML workshop, namely, "A Policy Gradient Method for Task-Agnostic Exploration", Mutti et al, 2020--MEPOL. What is novel here is the adaptation of this entropy estimate to form an intrinsic reward via a contrastive representation and the subsequent demonstration on standardized RL environments.  The authors have added a comparison to MEPOL, and in these experiments, APT outperforms this method, sometimes by some margin. Unfortunately this work does not meet the bar for acceptance relative to other submissions.


Generated Summary 102:
The main points of this paper are the use of the convolution operator to perform the message passing mean field inference. Using this operation allows us to get away from the permutohedral lattice and yet allows speed up of 100x. This also means, that training will be able to done faster. Besides this the training parameters can also be learnt. These are the main contributions. The Denoising Task experiment shows positive results. The idea could be used in the future by others looking for faster model inference and training. If a Manhattan distance d is used i.e. dx,dyk in equation (6), why is this a FullCRF?
Gold Metareview 102:
The authors replace the large filtering step in the permutohedral lattice with a spatially varying convolutional kernel. They show that inference is more efficient and training is easier.

In practice, the synthetic experiments seem to show a greater improvement than appears in real data.  There are concerns about the clarity, lack of theoretical proofs, and at times overstated claims that do not have sufficient support.

The ratings before the rebuttal and discussion were 7-4-6.  After, R1 adjusted their score from 6 to 4.  R2 initially gave a 7 but later said "I think the authors missed an opportunity here. I rated it as an accept, because I saw what it could have been after a good revision. The core idea is good, but fully agree with R1 and R3 that the paper needs work (which the authors were not willing to do). I checked the latest revision (as of Monday morning). None of R3's writing/claims issues are fixed, neither were my additional experimental requests, not even R1's typos." There is therefore a consensus among reviewers for reject.


Generated Summary 103:
This paper provides a novel method for determining which gradient estimators are effective for training single-layer binarized networks and which are not. This paper does not analyze the most common and successful straight-through estimator, which is a shifted and scaled version of the clipped ReLU STE. This connection is not made in the paper. The paper provides many theoretical results which might be useful for the community, they are not organized very well, ...
Gold Metareview 103:
The paper contributes to the understanding of straight-through estimation for single hidden layer neural networks, revealing advantages for ReLU and clipped ReLU over identity activations.  A thorough and convincing theoretical analysis is provided to support these findings.  After resolving various issues during the response period, the reviewers concluded with a unanimous recommendation of acceptance.  Valid criticisms of the presentation quality were raised during the review and response period, and the authors would be well served by continuing to improve the paper's clarity.

Generated Summary 104:
Weaknesses: timely and interesting. The paper does not provide enough discussion or experiment about the connections and differences between these three role diversity definitions, i.e. policy-based, trajectory-based and contribution-based. The authors present an example for the SMAC task in the appendix, but SMAC happens to have a circular observation radius which is then easily compared (e.g. a simple image, or even features that describe the state of the environment without a specific physical representation).
Gold Metareview 104:
This paper proposes a Role Diversity metric, meant to quantify how different roles are in a multi-agent RL setting. There's actually three versions of this metric, or three aspects (the distinction is not entirely clear to this area chair).

The reviewers are generally not very enthusiastic about the paper, with scores hovering at or just below the acceptance threshold. There has been extensive discussion between reviewers and authors, but there a sense that there is confusion about the exact purpose and contribution of the paper. This is reinforced by the authors' "letter to area chair", which outlines several ways the reviewers have not gotten the message. Reading the paper, it appears to me that the root cause is that the authors are indeed not communicating clearly what the paper contributes and why. It is, after all, the authors' responsibility that the reviewers understand the work. My own impression is that the text is dense and not particularly easy to get through. Perhaps the authors are simply trying to cram too many contributions into a single conference paper? This is a classic error which leads to hard-to-read papers. In addition to this, there is a lingering concern about the generalizability of the proposed methods.

I think the authors need to work more on their presentation, and perhaps reconsider which parts to include in their paper and exactly which measure they want to send, before they submit to another venue.

Generated Summary 105:
Pros - a reasonable approach to polyphonic music generation: figuring out a way to split the parts, share parameters appropriately, measuring entropy per time, all make sense - the resulting outputs tend to have very short-term harmonic coherence (e.g. often a ‘standard chord’ with some resolving suspensions, etc) - I do not hear the rhythmic complexity that is described in the introduction; the work by Johnson (2015) (ref. provided below) should be looked at and listened to; it too uses coupled networks, albeit in a different way but with a related motivation, and sounds quite good (better, in my opinion)
Gold Metareview 105:
This paper proposes novel recurrent models for polyphonic music composition and demonstrates the approach with qualitative and quantitative evaluations as well as samples. The technical parts in the original write-up were not very clear, as noted by multiple reviewers. During the review period, the presentation was improved. Unfortunately the reviewer scores are mixed, and are on the lower side, mainly because of the lack of clarity and quality of the results.

Generated Summary 106:
A solid paper with a high impact on at least one sub-area, or moderate-to-high impact on more than one areas, and no unaddressed ethical considerations. The authors propose a decoupled joint pre-training and a unified vision-language contrastive loss to leverage different sources of data. They should compare with more recent methods (like SimVLM), but not impossible, that you did not understand some parts of the submission or that you are unfamiliar with some pieces of related work
Gold Metareview 106:
After the authors’ rebuttal and long discussion between reviewers and authors, the paper unanimously receives positive rates thanks to reasonable proposed ideas and thorough experiment evaluation. The camera-ready version may need to be updated to fully reflect reviewers’ comments and authors’ answers to them. 

Generated Summary 107:
This paper introduces a method to learn mesh deformations of dynamic bodies from user-provided handles. The method is based on a canonical space, i.e., the shape transformation between two arbitrary poses is divided into two steps: a backward deformation to align the source mesh to the canonically space, and a forward deformation, to map the canontically space in the target deformation space.
Gold Metareview 107:
While some of the scores on this paper are mixed, even the negative reviews highlight the quality and interest of the work and have specific (and somewhat debatable) technical concerns.  Overall, the AE recommends accept, especially in light of the detailed and thoughtful responses during the rebuttal phase.

In the camera ready, the authors are encouraged to see if they can squeeze some of the new results (e.g., transfer learning attempt in Figure 6 and comparisons to Shapeflow) in the main body of the paper, where they're more likely to be noticed.

Generated Summary 108:
This paper uses state-of-the-art (SOTA) to describe the state of the art in the field of continuous learning. It proposes memory replay with data compression, which is both an important yet neglected baseline and a promising direction for continual learning. However, there is a trade-off between the quality and quantity of compressed data, the authors propose to use determinantal point processes to determine the quality of the data compression.
Gold Metareview 108:
This works considers limitations of rehearsal-based methods in the context of continual learning (classification and object detection). Rehearsal-based methods provide a strong baseline, but a loss in predictive performance arises when the memory is limited in size. The authors propose to leverage compression (JPEG) to increase the number of data (images) stored in the memory. The approach is evaluated in the context of an autonomous driving application.

The additional experiments conducted by the authors were highly appreciated and helped clarify open questions (e.g., class-incremental learning set-up, DPP objective to determine size of the memory, quantity vs quality of compressed data, etc.). The authors addressed the issues raised by three out of four reviewers, who did not have further comments. The remaining reviewer found that the methodological contributions of this paper, namely of using compression in the context of CL, was pretty straightforward. However, the authors addressed the concerns raised by the reviewer regarding the selection of the compression quality q as far as I am concerned and conducted additional experiments to further demonstrate the usefulness of the approach. I would encourage the authors to include this discussion in the final version of the paper. I would also encourage them to include the additional experiments they conducted with fixed memory size and amount of memory that can be saved.

Generated Summary 109:
A self-supervised approach for the task of surround-view depth estimation. 2D image features are un-projected onto a shared 3D volume, which is later queried for decoding depth maps at target views. Also because of the use of a volumetric feature representation, the proposed model has the unique capability of predicting depth maps for views not among the inputs. The problem setting is novel. The depth map quality is on par with monocular methods. From Figure 5, the depth maps are similar to existing monocular method in quality.
Gold Metareview 109:
Initially, the paper had mixed reviews (455).  The major concerns from the reviews were:

1. missing refs about unprojection. (K314)
2. quality advantage is not convincing, slightly better than FSM, while qualitative results show not obvious improvements. (K314)
3. visualize the depth maps as point clouds (K314)
4. what is the trade-off between resolution/memory, computation, and depth estimation? (K314, ZBww)
5. insufficient experiments (9Ef1)
6. comparison with monocular methods (9Ef1)
7. cubic vs spherical space? (9Ef1)
8. can it be trained on real data w/o GT supervision? (9Ef1)
9. how to handle collision of multiple pixel rays? (ZBww)
10. why use different MLPs to fuse "overlap" and "non-overlap" features? No ablation study on this. (ZBww)

The authors wrote a response to address these concerns, providing more qualitative results and ablation studies, as well as further explanations.  The reviewers were satisfied with the response, and K314 upgraded their rating to 6, while other reviewers maintained 5s. The reviewers appreciated the novel problem and the solution that can produce more consistent depth maps across views, and also synthesize depth maps in novel views. After reading the paper, the AC agrees with the reviewers, noting that the paper  addresses the limitations of the problem setup of previous work [13], thus developing a new line of research.  Thus, the AC recommends accept. The authors should prepare a revised version of the paper according to the reviews, rebuttal, and discussion. 

Generated Summary 110:
Rating: 4: The reviewer is confident but not absolutely certain. This paper proposed a new simulator for simulating acoustic effects. The major difference compared to the prior work is that this work can compute sound properties on the fly and thus avoid using precomputed data. Therefore, the new platform can support arbitrary geometry and continuous outputs. The authors also perform two experiments to provide evidence for the usefulness of this work. An upgraded version of the platform overcomes some major limitations of the previous work. SoundSpaces 2.0, a platform for on-the-fly geometry-based audio 2 rendering for 3D environments.
Gold Metareview 110:
This paper was reviewed by six experts and received all positive scores. AC feels this work is interesting and deserves to be published on NeurIPS 2022 dataset track. The reviewers did raise some valuable concerns that should be addressed in the final camera-ready version of the paper. The authors are encouraged to make the necessary changes in the final version.

Generated Summary 111:
Weakness: 3 out of 5 based on 3 reviews. ## Acceptable: Technically solid paper, with high impact on at least one sub-area, with good-to-excellent evaluation, resources, reproducibility, and no unaddressed ethical considerations ... ## acceptable: ## unacceptable: Statistically solid, with no major concerns with respect to evaluation, resource, reproducibility, and ethics considerations
Gold Metareview 111:
This paper describes how to use normalizing flows for selecting features in a way that controls the type-1 error by using a normalizing flow along with MCMC to sample from the null distribution. The majority of the reviewers were positive, however the most confident reviewer was negative. From taking a look at that reviewers concerns, I tend to agree with most of them.

The paper is titled knockoff-free, which means in the context of this paper that both 1) 1-bit p-values are not used and 2) The full knockoff property is not required, only sampling from complete conditionals are required. Most of the experiments compare knockoff methods to the proposed approach, so it's not clear if 1) 1-bit p-values are not great or 2) the model-X process/complete conditional sampling process is better with normalizing flows. The former point is known and the latter point on the best way to sample from the complete conditionals is really the value. 

If we take the paper as, 

1) complete conditionals are 1-D
2) MCMC can be used to sample from a 1-D unnormalized density
3) Simple MCMC won't be bad because the problem is 1-D

-> Any likelihood based deep generative model can be used to sample complete conditionals

then it's a solid paper.

On the other hand, the belief that flows are the correct choice versus other likelihood-based deep generative models is harder to take as there's only a comparison with a mixture density network used in the original HRT paper. Also from other uses of these models, different models are better in different situations. I'd suggest a heavy discussion in the paper on this point at the minimum. Maybe even a reframing of the paper is needed.

Finally, for the test statistic, the HRT may not be the best choice for work like this paper that studies the problems with estimating X-distribution. The  paper "CONTRA: Contrarian statistics for controlled variable selection" at AISTATS 2021 shows that the HRT test statistic is more sensitive to model-X estimation errors than a simple mixture statistic that doesn't give up much power. The choice of test statistic also merits some discussion in step 3.

Generated Summary 112:
A novel way of performing data augmentation in image-based reinforcement learning by perturbing regions in the frequency domain of the observed images. Weaknesses: This paper proposes a new technique that masks out components in the frequencies space. To adapt with SRM, the authors propose new techniques to stabilize the Q value after augmentation. The proposed method achieves higher performance than SVEA on video background generalization tasks. SECANT [1] includes a number of test-time visual appearance shifts that are representative of real-world applications, such as autonomous driving (CARLA [2]), robotics (Robosuite [3]), and indoor navigation (iGibson [4]).
Gold Metareview 112:
The authors have introduced a method of data augmentation for image-based reinforcement learning that performs masking in the frequency domain, combined with techniques for stabilizing Q-learning, to achieve improved performance on a number of DMControl Generalization Benchmark tasks.

There was agreement among the reviewers that this work is novel and technically sound, and their concerns were mainly related to the breadth of tasks explored in the initial submission. During the review process the authors have gone to considerable effort to introduce new tasks (e.g. DrawerWorld, Robosuite and CARLA) and the improved performance of their method appears to generalize well. I believe that this work will be of broad interest to the RL community and recommend it for acceptance.

Generated Summary 113:
This paper presents a topic model based on adversarial training. It adopts the framework of InfoGAN to generate the bag-of-words of a document and the latent codes in infoGAN correspond to latent topics in topic modelling. To make the model work better, several add-ons are also proposed, combining autoencoder, loss clipping, and a generative model to generate text sequences.
Gold Metareview 113:
This paper proposes TopicGAN, a generative adversarial approach to topic modeling and text generation. TopicGAN operates in two steps: it first generates latent topics and produces bag-of-words corresponding to those latent topics. In the second step, the model generates text conditioning on those topic words.

Pros: 
It combines the strength of topic models (interpretable topics that are learned unsupervised) with GAN for text generation.

Cons: 
There are three major concerns raised by reviewers: (1) clarity, (2) relatively thin experimental results, and (3) novelty. Of these, the first two were the main concerns. In particular, R1 and R2 raised concerns about insufficient component-wise evaluation (e.g., text classification from topic models) and insufficient GAN-based baselines. Also, the topic model part of TopicGAN seems somewhat underdeveloped in that the model assumes a single topic per document, which is a relatively strong simplifying assumption compared to most other topic models (R1, R3). The technical novelty is not extremely strong in that the proposed model combines existing components together. But this alone would have not been a deal breaker if the empirical results were rigorous and strong.

Verdict:
Reject. Many technical details require clarification and experiments lack sufficient comparisons against prior art.

Generated Summary 114:
This is a very interesting and important problem that lies in the intersection between perception and statistics. Weaknesses: This observation relies on the idea of score matching, which is derived under a particular type of distortion - additive white Gaussian noise. Does it generalize to other types of non-additive, non-linear distortions? Confidence: 4: You are confident in your assessment, but not absolutely certain, that you did not understand some parts of the submission or that you are unfamiliar with some pieces of related work. This paper aims to analyze the relationships between the probability distribution of the data, perceptual distances, and unsupervised machine learning. Perceptual sensitivity is correlated with the probability of an image in its close neighborhood. The paper also explores the relation between distances induced by autoencoders and the probabilities of...
Gold Metareview 114:
All reviewers suggest acceptance of this paper, which reports the relationship between perceptual distances, data distributions, and contemporary unsupervised machine learning methods.  I believe this paper will be of broad interest to different communities at ICLR.

Generated Summary 115:
A new approach to improve longitudinal coverage and preserve cross-sectional coverage for the prediction interval built for regression on cross-segment time series data. This paper proposes a new approach called temporal quantile adjustments (TQA). Theorem 4.1 proved the coverage probability is lowered bounded by 1 - alpha + E[hatdelta_N+1,t]. This paper is a good paper for a wide range of applications.
Gold Metareview 115:
In this paper, the authors propose the temporal quantile adjustments (TQA) that can improve longitudinal coverage and preserve cross-sectional coverage for the prediction interval built for regression on cross-sectional time series data. While previous works focus on either of the coverage guarantees, a major contribution of this paper is to achieve both. The research questions addressed in this paper are of critical importance for practitioners in relevant areas. The paper is well written. The presented approach has solid empirical support and decent theoretical guarantees. Including a simulation study to demonstrate the validity of the proposed approach under specific (and controlled) setup will further improve the paper.



Generated Summary 116:
This paper proposes a new design of intrinsic reward, as a variant of the count-based reward, to tackle the sparse-reward tasks in reinforcement learning. Prior works related to count-Based reward, especially the ones focusing on procedurally generated environments, widely use the episodic count, which means resetting the state visitation count for each episode, instead of recording the global visitations count throughout the entire training with multiple episodes. This work proposes LECO, i.e. to get the state visiteation count via learning the VQ-VAE model and regulate the count based intrinsic reward via the LIRPG framework.
Gold Metareview 116:
Reviews were mixed here and all quite borderline. There are legitimate points raised for why this is being consistently given borderline ratings, with two in particular resonating with my own reading (novelty and comparisons with other methods). However, despite these issues the paper itself is a solid contribution, and I think could easily lead to others building on the core ideas and approach. The paper has also improved notably during revisions and at present does not have any fundamental flaws that should preclude publication. Therefore, I recommend acceptance.

Generated Summary 117:
Cons: This paper aims to tackle the matrix completion problem by drawing connection from prior work in image completion domain. It seems to be a combination of prior work: Multi-graph convolution combined with Dirichlet energy on row and column graph laplacian where the input rating matrix is corrupted with noise. The writing and presentation is significantly below par Iclr acceptance in the current form. Also, considering some of the work mentioned below, SOTA results is an overclaim
Gold Metareview 117:
The focus of this paper is to analyze an end to end network to reconstruct matrices originating from non-Euclidean data which are corrupted. The authors present an untrained network for this task. In the review period the reviewers raised a variety of concerns including concerns about novelty of the paper with respect to existing work, technical depth and clarity. The authors did not respond to these concerns. Therefore, I recommend rejection.

Generated Summary 118:
This paper introduces a new benchmark dataset for the task of tracking any point (TAP), i.e., tracking an arbitrary 2D point defined at the first frame over the entire video. The writing is clear. The task is well motivated. The statistics and analysis on the dataset are compact, informative, and well summarized. Every claim is logically well justified. The process to annotate the labels is detailed, convincing, and practical.
Gold Metareview 118:
TAP-Vid presents a benchmark that will be highly useful for tracking research for tracking arbitrary physical points on surfaces over long video clips. The reviews are all positive, with one reviewer raising ethical aspects in preparing the benchmark.  I find the rebuttal sufficient and adequate and hence recommend acceptance of the paper.

Generated Summary 119:
Rating: 7: Accept: Technically solid paper, with good-to-excellent evaluation, resources, reproducibility, and no unaddressed ethical considerations. This paper proposes Non-stationary Transformers as a generic framework to tackle over-stationarization problem. Confidence: 4: You are confident in your assessment, but not absolutely certain, that you did not understand some parts of the submission or that you are unfamiliar with some pieces of related work.
Gold Metareview 119:
The paper introduces a transformer-based method for non-stationary time series forecasting. 
This research addresses a clear need, as acknowledged by the reviewers. Also, most reviewers found the method clearly described and the experiments compelling, demonstrating an improvement of the state of the art.

The reviewers asked questions about the baselines, evaluation methods and ablation studies. They also made requests related to clarifying the wording and some of the theory. The authors put in significant effort in addressing the comments, offering detailed responses to every reviewer. Only one of the reviewers responded during the discussion period, and the response came very late in the discussion period. However, I read the authors' response and concluded that they adequately addressed most issues raised by the reviewers.

As the model is in the Transformer space, and transformers have previously been shown to be state of the art on a number of tasks, I do not find it necessary to compare against other 'families' of methods. So I will consider that issue addressed as well.

Generated Summary 120:
Positives: Good paper, but a little weak. Weaknesses: 1. The main contribution of the paper is an empirical method, and the experiments conducted in simple domains. 2. While being important, the theorems are minor, hence they do not compensate lack of experiments. This paper presents an algorithm to compute an optimal threshold policy in MDPs and RMABs with state information composed of a scalar state and a vector state. This function is used to construct the threshold policy where the action (0 or 1) only depends on the comparison between the vector state and the produced Scalar value. In order to learn the mapping used for threshold policy, the authors use an actor-critic algorithm, where the scaar mapping and the associated threshold policy are used as the actor function, and neural network is used as a action-value function (Q-function) as the critic function. The losses of the actor and
Gold Metareview 120:
The paper considers a subset of dynamic problems, in which the optimal policy is a threshold-policy. The authors use this attribute to formulate tailored off-policy actor-critic algorithms, for both MDPs and RMABs which are gradient-based, so can utilize neural networks. They empirically compare their method to SOTA methods in three MDP domains and three RMAB parameterizations, the results show that their method, DeepTOP, performs better than the compared methods in all the experiments.

The paper is well written and the claims are correct.  The performance of DeepTOP compared to the other methods is impressive.  All four reviewers were on the positive side for acceptance.


Generated Summary 121:
A solid paper with no major concerns with respect to evaluation, resources, reproducibility, ethical considerations, and the ability of transformers model to predict values of a function given an input via sample prompting. The authors have done a great job of demonstrating that decoder-only transformer models can in-context learn functions from simple functions classes, like linear functions, sparse linear functions and shallow neural networks. Context Learning of Function Classes in Transformers
Gold Metareview 121:
This paper demonstrates compellingly that transformers are able to in-context learn simple function classes (e.g., linear functions), to the extend that they can recover solutions from algorithms like LASSO. The experiments are well designed and executed, which lead to surprising and intriguing results. While the paper does not provide any explanation for why transformers exhibit such capabilities, it will spur both empirical and theoretical work studying how transformers learn algorithms from in-context examples. Congratulations on a nice work!

Generated Summary 122:
This paper focuses on the well studied method of subsampling the rows of $A$ (and re-scaling it) to reduce the problem size where more expensive iterative methods can be applied. The results in this paper bring down the previous best know runtime bound of $O(nlog2n)+dp/2+Cmathrmpoly(1/epsilon)$ (for $p>4$ and some fixed constant $C$). The authors provide a coreset for Lp regression and a sublinear time algorithm for L_infty regression involving structured Vandermonde matrices. They use a rounding and grouping technique on the response vector to improve their sample size.
Gold Metareview 122:
Dear Authors,

The paper was received nicely and discussed during the rebuttal period. There is consensus among the reviewers that the paper should be accepted:

- The new result about query complexity of regression problem that the authors have added. Along with the result on 
 for (noisy) Vandemonde matrix, these make the paper lie above the accept bar.
- The authors have providing satisfying clarifications during the rebuttal that convinced reviewers to increase further their scores.

The current consensus is that the paper deserves publication.

Best AC

Generated Summary 123:
summary: This paper is extensible because it doesn’t require predefined sampling and dataset distributions (Q and P). It seems that in this framework, all sampled data should be saved and used in the calculation of P, Q, and a_t. Besides, this paper didn’t compare the proposed method’s computation complexity with other AL methods. 3. The second to last paragraph in section 3.3 is confusing.
Gold Metareview 123:
Meta Review: I find this paper to present an interesting perspective, analyzing the sampling bias in active learning and correcting for it.  There was some debate with Review YKx9 about the assumptions and rigor of the theory, but I found the author responses adequate.  I recommend acceptance.  The authors should take care to improve the readability of Figure 1.

Generated Summary 124:
A functional extension of the Bregman Lagrangian framework of Wibisono et al. 2016. The basic idea is to define accelerated gradient flows on the space of probability distribution. Because the defined flows include a term depending on the current distribution of the system, which is difficult to compute in general, the authors introduce an interacting particle approximation. The experiments are a proof-of-concept on simple illustrative toy examples.
Gold Metareview 124:
This paper developed an accelerated gradient flow in the space of probability measures. Unfortunately, the reviewers think the practical usefulness of the proposed approach is not sufficiently supported by realistic experiments, and the clarity of the paper need to be significantly improved. The authors' rebuttal resolved some of the confusion the reviewers had, but we believe further substantial improvement will make this work a much stronger contribution. 

Generated Summary 125:
Summary: A novel idea for using CDE for clustering trajectories using the controlled direct effect of the z's on the next state S_t+1$: I like the separation of the two objectives (1) and (6). (1) enforces that the Z's are useful for predicting dynamics. RL community I believe this interventional approach would open some new directions to improve current unsupervised representation learning methods, which use instance-based discrimination objectives (similar to (2) in the paper).
Gold Metareview 125:
Description of paper content:

The authors propose a dynamics model that can generalize to novel environments. The train and test MDPs have the same state and action spaces but different dynamics. Environment specific inference is achieved by estimating latent vectors Z that describe the non-stationary or variable part of the dynamics. These Z-s are inferred from trajectory segments in unlabeled environments. The Z-s are learned contrastively: Z-s from the same trajectory are pulled together, and Z-s from separate trajectories are pushed apart. However, to mitigate the error of distancing Z-s from different trajectories but the same environment, Z-s on trajectories with similar transitions are also pushed together using a soft clustering penalty. These losses are justified based on ideas from Pearl’s causal inference.

Summary of paper discussion:

The reviewers concluded that the contributions are conceptually interesting and “somewhat” novel. The reviewers felt that the empirical performance gains of the method over baselines were demonstrated but not extremely impressive.

Generated Summary 126:
Summary: Confidence: 1: This is an entirely empirical work. The author's claims about how such findings help understand generalization are heuristic. The simplest possible neural network, which is a logistic regression classifier, similarity will be high throughout training and it is hard to argue that logistic regression is less stable than deep neural networks (e.g. Be interpreted as a generalisation over the full distribution).
Gold Metareview 126:
In an attempt to understand generalization, this paper aims at understanding the dynamics of functions presented by the network for different images in the training set. Authors look at activation patterns (whether a ReLU activation is on or off) as a way of characterizing the active paths in the network and approximating the function presented by the network for each image. Authors study different related statics (eg. correlation) and how they evolve during training including.

Pros: 
- Understanding the dynamics of training, how diversity is encouraged by the training procedure and its relationship to generalization is an important problem.
- This paper takes an empirical approach and tries to make interesting empirical observations about the dynamics of the training.

Cons:
- The paper is poorly written in terms of structure, making clear arguments with enough evidence, notation, etc.
- Some empirical trends are shown but their connections to the main claim of the paper about generalization is very weak. The main attempt to connect the observations to generalization is Fig. 7 which shows model accuracy correlated with the ratio of early to mid overlap. This is problematic both because it only has 6 data points and also because a simple correlation analysis is not enough to establish this claim which is more about the cause of generalization.

Reviewers have pointed to various concerns including but not limited to clarity of the paper, lack of rigorous arguments, not providing enough evidence for the arguments, etc. Unfortunately, authors did not participate in the discussion period.

Given the above concerns, I recommend rejecting the paper.

Generated Summary 127:
Rating: 5: Marginally below acceptance threshold. Confidence: 3: The reviewer is fairly confident that the evaluation is correct. This paper provides a generalization bound for multi-layered deep neural networks in terms of dimensions rather than norms. The bound is derived by controlling Rademacher complexity of the Ramp loss under the Lipschitzness of the network as a parametric function in Depth * Width 2 number of parameters, and then using standard L-2 covering and Dudley Integral. They extend this technique for CNNs, Resnets, Hyper-spherical Networks, etc and provide comparisons to the existing bounds. Although intended, the bound in Theorem-1 depends on the number of parameter and hold only if m > d * (p2) = number of parametric parameters (from the last line). The paper presents a new characterization of generalization error bound for
Gold Metareview 127:
I'm quite concerned by the conversation with Anonymous, entitled "Why is the dependence...". My issues concern the empirical Rademacher complexity (ERC) and in particular the choice of the loss class for which the ERC is being computed. This  class is obviously data dependent, but the Reviewers concerns centers on the nature of its data dependence. It is not valid to define the classes by the Jacobian's norm on the input data, as this _structure_ over the space of classes is data dependent, which is not kosher. The reviewer was gently pushing the authors towards a very strong assumption... i'm guessing that the jacobian norm over all data sets was bounded by a particular constant. This seems like a whopping assumption. The fact that I can so easily read this concern off of the reviewer's comments and the authors seem to not be able to understand what the reviewer is getting at, concerns me.

Besides this concern, it seems that this paper has undergone a rather significant revision. I'm not convinced the new version has been properly reviewed. For a theory paper, I'm concerned about letting work through that's not properly vetted, and I'm really not certain this has been. I suggest the authors consider sending it to COLT.

Generated Summary 128:
Rating: 4 - Marginally below acceptance threshold. Confidence: 3 - The reviewer is fairly confident that the evaluation is correct. The paper introduces a new normalization method named pixel-wise tensor normalization which improves both accuracy and robustness of the model. However, the results show somewhat improvement, but not significant. Also, the paper does not provide enough theoretical backups for the claimed algorithm, and it prevents me from being completely convinced.
Gold Metareview 128:
Reviewer KVLA raises some concerns on the completeness of this paper, suggesting that this paper needs further improvements for publication. Based on the comments of both reviewers, this paper is accepted as a long paper. Please address the reviewers' comments in the final version.

Generated Summary 129:
7: Good paper, accept confidence: 4: The reviewer is confident but not satisfied with the paper: a Laplacian in the context of reinforcement learning, together with learning the representations. RL - Learning a state representation for RL by optimizing the graph drawing objective on limited sampled states and pairs of states. A scalable way of approximating the eigenvectors of the LaplaCIAn in RL.
Gold Metareview 129:
This paper provides a novel and non-trivial method for approximating the eigenvectors of the Laplacian, in large or continuous state environments. Eigenvectors of the Laplacian have been used for proto-value functions and eigenoptions, but it has remained an open problem to extend their use to the non-tabular case. This paper makes an important advance towards this goal, and will be of interest to many that would like to learn state representations based on the geometric information given by the Laplacian. 

The paper could be made stronger by including a short discussion on why the limitations of this approach. Its an important new direction, but there must still be open questions (e.g., issues with the approach used to approximate the orthogonality constraint). It will be beneficial to readers to understand these issues.

Generated Summary 130:
(Concurrent) Decoupling Structure and Lexicon for Zero-Shot Semantic Parsing (EMNLP 2018 rating: 5: Marginally below acceptance threshold confidence: 4: The reviewer is confident but not absolutely certain that the evaluation is correct ... [http://www.emnlp.org/reviews/all.html] [https://doi.org/10.1016/j.asia.ac.uk/publications/articles/view/5/Analysis_of_Semantic_Parsing_(2018)]
Gold Metareview 130:
Interesting approach aiming to leverage cross domain schemas and generic semantic parsing (based on meaning representation language, MRL) for language understanding. Experiments have been performed on the recently released SNIPS corpus and comparisons have been made with multiple recent multi-task learning approaches. Unfortunately, the proposed approach falls short in comparison to the slot gated attention work by Goo et al.

The motivation and description of the cross domain schemas can be improved in the paper, and for replication of experiments it would be useful to include how the annotations are extended for this purpose.

Experimental results could be extended to the other available corpora mentioned in the paper (ATIS and GEO).


Generated Summary 131:
nabla_zzG(z*(x),x) v - vTnala_zF(x,z* (x)) = argmin_v v = 0 for x in range(v): x = x * x + y = y * y + x - (x / y) / 2
Gold Metareview 131:
The main topic of this work is stochastic bilevel optimization. It provides an efficient algorithm for this task, and provides theoretical results in this setting.  

The reviewers are unanimous that this is well-presented work of high quality and should be accepted, and so do I.

Generated Summary 132:
A new learning paradigm for Bayesian Neuron Networks: learning distribution in the functional space, instead of weight space. A new SG-MCMC variant is proposed in Algorithm 1, and applied to sampling in a "functional space". The idea of extending Riemannian Langevin dynamics to functional spaces is elegant, however it is extremely hard to follow the proposed method as details are kept to a minimum.
Gold Metareview 132:
This paper addresses a promising and challenging idea in Bayesian deep learning, namely thinking about distributions over functions rather than distributions over parameters.  This is formulated by doing MCMC in a functional space rather than directly in the parameter space.  The reviewers were unfortunately not convinced by the approach citing a variety of technical flaws, a lack of clarity of exposition and critical experiments.  In general, it seems that the motivation of the paper is compelling and the idea promising, but perhaps the paper was hastily written before the ideas were fully developed and comprehensive experiments could be run.  Hopefully the reviewer feedback will be helpful to further develop the work and lead to a future submission.

Note: Unfortunately one review was too short to be informative.  However, fortunately the other two reviews were sufficiently thorough to provide enough signal.  

Generated Summary 133:
This paper addresses the timely and important problem of how to train RL agents such that they solve desired tasks while not engaging in undesired behavior that is not explicitly specified via the reward function. The main idea of the paper is to co-train an RL policy on this side effect measure with the aim of minimizing side effects. This policy is used for regularizing the reward-optimizing agent during training, such that the trained agent learns to bias its actions towards avoiding side effects when the task allows for multiple viable actions. Additionally, the generalization of the side-effect-avoiding policy is tested.
Gold Metareview 133:
Based on the paper, reviewers' comments and discussions, and the responses, the meta-reviewer would like to suggest the authors to improve the paper and resubmit.

Generated Summary 134:
This paper proposes a model which is able to segment 3D scenes into objects by a combination of slot-attention (for inference) and a mixture of object NeRF functions which mix together (in 3D) to compose a scene. It is novel and interesting to see object-centric learning models to infer 3D poses. The benefits over existing models are the structured, 3D object representations which allow to manipulate objects in the scenes such as moving and replacing objects. The rendering function is denoted $g_gamma$ in Equation 2. The decoder and the Slot Attention encoder, respectively, are defined and are referred to as the '3D' representations.
Gold Metareview 134:
The paper proposes an approach for learning a decomposition of a scene into 3D objects using single images without pose annotations as training data. The model is based on Slot Attention and NeRF. Results are demonstrated on CLEVR and its variants. 

The reviewers point out that the method is reasonable and the paper is quite good, but even after considering the authors' feedback agree that the paper is not ready for acceptance. In particular, the key concern is around experimental evaluation - that it is performed on one dataset (and variants thereof) and that the evaluation of the 3D properties of the model is not sufficiently convincing: it does not outperform 2D object learning methods on segmentation and is not compared to those on "snitch localization".

Overall, this is a reasonable paper, and the results are promising but somewhat inconclusive, so I recommend rejection at this point, but encourage the authors to improve the paper and resubmit to a different venue.

(One remark. The paper makes a point of not using any annotation. It is technically true, but in practice on CLEVR unsupervised segmentation works so well that it's basically as if segmentation masks were provided. If the authors could demonstrate that their method - possibly with provided coarse segmentation masks - works on more complex datasets, it would be a nice additional experiment)

Generated Summary 135:
Summary: Confidence: 4: The paper is clear and easy to follow for most parts. There are a number of challenges to be addressed in the paper, but it's a good paper. It's not a perfect model, and it doesn't have a lot of detail. It has a few shortcomings, but overall it is a very good paper with a solid framework. It is based on a generative model, but there are some challenges to overcome.
Gold Metareview 135:
The authors present a method called "AdaRL" that learns a structured latent representation that characterizes relationships between different variables in an RL system. The method is evaluated on modified Pong and Cart-Pole domains and it is shown to outperform other transfer learning baselines. The reviewers agree that the method makes sense and addresses an important problem of transfer in RL. The authors did a good job in the rebuttal to empirically validate their claims and provided extra experiments. The reviewers also point out that the evaluated domains are rather simple and the paper would benefit from evaluations in a more complex environment as well as better writing. Please focus on improving these aspects in the final version of the paper.

Generated Summary 136:
No justification of standardization technique It is unclear exactly what contributions this paper is making. First, as the authors acknowledge, there have been several recent works studying robustness to natural vs. adversarial perturbations. For completeness, one the authors miss is the following: Taori et al., Measuring Robustness to Natural Distribution Shifts in Image Classification. On arXiv. Weaknesses: This paper studies a relevant problem. The authors answer this question in the negative, but this is naturally expected: the perturbations that the authors study yield images that are likely in the distribution of natural images.
Gold Metareview 136:
The reviewers indicated a number of concerns (which I agree with) which have not been addressed by the authors as they have not provided any response.  Indeed, the paper would be significantly improved once these issues are addressed. 

Generated Summary 137:
This paper proposes a simple modification to the training objective, which de-biases it, by reducing the certainty on labelled datapoints, and considering the whole objective as an optimization of the complete case. This paper provides generalization error bounds for the proposed methods based on the missing completely at random (MCAR) assumption. The authors also demonstrate the implementation and evaluate debiased versions of different existing SSL methods.
Gold Metareview 137:
This paper provides an interesting generalized perspective on SSL techniques and proposes a debiasing technique that can be viewed as decreasing the variance of the risk estimate. The authors argue that this leads to estimators that are better than the purely supervised estimator under a rather weak assumption called MCAR - which assumes that the probability of a missing label is independent of covariate and label. 

Although the exposition and perspective are interesting, this paper is borderline for the following two main reasons:

1. A few reviewers were not convinced of the theoretical result that is supposed to show that unlabeled data strictly helps - indeed, whereas usual variance reduction techniques (e.g for optimization schemes such as SGD etc.) lead to a strict gain in terms of convergence rate, there is no clear asymptotic/high probability statement that indicates statistical gain of the corresponding estimator (which is what we really care about - not the risk estimate). The dependence of lambda_opt on theta (which changes every iteration) does not help in providing such a statement. Since this is the primary contribution of the paper, I would suggest the authors follow through with the analysis to show a gain for the actual estimator compared to the "complete case" (only using supervised data). 

On that note, the authors claimed in their rebuttal that they have added an asymptotic variance analysis in Appendix I, which indeed would have made a very valuable point - however, I could only find a copy-pasted version of Theorem 3.1. in Appendix I? Similarly, Appendix F does not seem to include the comparison between debasing using labeled and unlabeled data but instead contains the proof of Theorem 3.2. Perhaps the wrong revision was uploaded, but unfortunately, given the current version, this point is not adequately addressed.

2. If the experimental results were more extensive and conclusive, then the current theorem could have perhaps been alright as a mainly methodological contribution. However, as the authors note, extensive experiments require a lot of compute power - however, given the lack of the ultimate theorem, the methodology becomes the primary contribution and would thus require more experimental evidence as the reviewers asked for.
  
Addressing one of the above points would push the paper above the acceptance threshold which we hope the authors can pursue in their next submission. 

Generated Summary 138:
This paper is a good introduction to the Monte Carlo method. I found the experimental section to be a bit weak in my opinion. I expected a separate section that wud focus on experiments, and a more detailed and clearer demonstration of the benefits of the approach. Although I am not an expert in CEU preference elicitation/learning, the authors have cited some work which could plausibly have been used as baselines, although I am a non-assistant evaluator of CEU preferences.
Gold Metareview 138:
Meta Review: The paper presents a new means to learn sparse Choquet integral, using for instance classical L_1 penalization techniques. This research participates to a long trend of research aiming at learning preference functions in various settings (here, having only limited preferential information). 

All reviewers agree that the paper is well-written and the contribution nicely presented. Two main critics were done by the reviewers:

* The first is the potential significance of the research, i.e., that it addresses an actual real-world problem. After discussion and rebuttals, this critic appears to be of less importance

* The second (with which I would concur) is that the experimental part is limited in different ways. The main critics regarding those are as follows:
1. The authors only use synthetic data that mostly comply with their assumptions, thereby confirming that their approach is valid. THey do not really challenge it.
2. There is no realistic data sets used (which is very difficult to obtain in incremental preference learning, but less in passive preference learning).
3. There is also no real comparisons with other methods intending to learn value functions from observed preferences. Given the large literature on preference learning and the fact that most learning papers require the comparisons with other baselines when possible, one could have hoped to have such comparisons. 

Depsite that, the paper appears to be well-made with a relevant algorithmic contribution. 

Generated Summary 139:
A solid paper with a strong performance on multiple datasets and a well-informed approach to classifying whole-slide images. Weaknesses: The authors have used a pre-trained feature extractor, i.e. swin transformer from unlabeled patches from TCGA and PAIP, however, they have provided neither intuition behind their choice of feature extraction network compared to other approaches such as SimCLR nor provided their class-specific distribution nor patch sizes, etc.
Gold Metareview 139:
This work presents a method to obtain slide level representations in computational pathology. The specific contributions of this work are a positive-negative-aware module (PNM) and a weakly-supervised cross-slide contrastive learning (WSCL) module and a loss to encourage intra-WSI local patch separation and inter-WSI global feature contrast. The idea is to use the attention weights in a MIL framework as patch level pseudo labels. These are used to compute "weights" for positive and negative patches (the latter of which is assumed to be significantly larger in number for a given WSI). By using these weights in a contrastive manner to push the representations from positive patches away from those of negative patches, the model learns more effectively since it is less susceptible to the noise from the negative patches.

The reviewers found these contributions novel. During the review, the largest source of concern was along the choices made during the empirical evaluation. Specifically, the manuscript in its current form lacked empirical backing for several of the choices made regarding the neural architecture, the algorithm for self-supervised learning etc. In response to this the authors conducted several different kinds of ablation studies (which were incorporated into the supplement) during the rebuttal process, which other reviewers found convincing as a potential explanation of the outcomes.

Overall, I found the main contributions of this work (leveraging patch level attention weights as psuedo labels) to be an interesting use case for computational pathology to better focus the learning signal on positive patches. My additional comment is that I think the additional ablation experiments (and references) are an important part of the contributions of this work and should be incorporated into the main paper rather than in the appendix (several equations can be compressed to make space in the manuscript in addition to the additional page). 

Generated Summary 140:
## Weaknesses: - The phase diagram partitions the space into four possibilities based on the choice of regime for each layer. However, more or less all the experiments and results are in the setting when the second hidden layer is in the linear regime. As well as, how does condensed regime in a deeper layer while being linear in the lower layer compare to the converse scenario? Further, quantitatively exploring the advantages/disadvantages of being in these different regimes on generalization/optimization could have been worthwhile too. So, so I think there are several missed opportunities here and the paper is not properly fleshed out, and overall lacks in contribution
Gold Metareview 140:
This work studies the effect of initialization scaling on the gradient flow training dynamics of three layer (two hidden layer) MLPs. . Extending Luo et al. 2021's analysis, the authors identify "linear", "critical" and "condensed" regime depending on initialization scaling parameters

Strength pointed out by the authors include, "new insight into training dynamics of MLPS with more than one hidden layer", "elegant and insightful analysis" for a "dauntingly difficult problem" and that "phase diagram is neat and valuable contribution"

Reviewer `PDY9` saw major weakness as treating the second layer as linear regime only, which makes the analysis similar to previous work (Luo et al., 2021). In general, the reviewer believes that the full comprehensive analysis on different phases for each layer is lacking. Although the reviewer did not respond to the AC, this issue has been addressed by author response. Also please do follow the recommendation of the reviewers in terms of improving writing (better description of gamma_2, gamma_3 for example), improving related works, as well as making figures more legible. 

Overall, while the paper is somewhat borderline, there are interesting insights and analysis as the reviewers pointed out without critical issues. I recommend accepting this work at NeurIPS 2022. 


Generated Summary 141:
This paper addresses a key problem in machine learning and central to the representation learning theme of the ICL. The motivation of using nonlinear transformation sounds not convincing. It is indeed known that traditional SW approximation generally requires a large amount of linear transformations. This paper proposes a graph-based algorithm for minimizing the pathwise energy to achieve the manifold walking to improve the interpolation in the latent space.
Gold Metareview 141:
All three referees have provided detailed comments, both before and after the author response period. While the authors have carefully revised the paper and provided detailed responses, leading to clearly improved clarity and quality, there remain clear concerns on novelty (at least not sufficiently supported with ablation study) and experiments (neither strong enough nor sufficient to support the main hypotheses). The authors are encouraged to further improve their paper for a future submission.

Generated Summary 142:
This paper presents a genetic algorithm framework for molecular optimization. It produces valid molecules through the crossover and mutation operations along with appropriate fitness functions. The novelty is almost none. Weakness: 5: You are absolutely certain about your assessment. You are very familiar with the related work and checked the math/other details carefully. This paper proposes a two phase procedure. The first stage (constraint satisfaction) searches for feasible molecules that are similar to ...
Gold Metareview 142:
The paper describes a genetic algorithm for molecular optimization under constraints. The aim is to generate molecules with better properties while close to an initial lead molecule. The proposed approach is a two-stage one. The first stage aims to satisfy constraints and searches for feasible molecules that are similar to the lead. The second stage optimizes the molecular property. The method is evaluated on logP optimization task, with minor improvement over previous work.

The reviewers point out the following strengths and weaknesses:

Strengths:

- Molecular optimization under structural constraints is an important research direction.
- Comprehensive related work section.

Weaknesses:

- Lack of novelty because it is a standard application of genetic algorithm.
- The results show that the proposed method did not outperform existing baselines.
- The main claim of the paper (benefit of two-stage procedure) is not supported by ablation study.
- The authors only conduct experiments on improving LogP, which is a benchmark that is too easy and not challenging.
- The objective function and cross-over operation are the same or very similar to previous work.
- The experimental evaluation is limited, and the overall setting is not very relevant to real-world tasks.

Overall, all reviewers vote for rejection. It is clear that the paper needs more work before it can be published.

Generated Summary 143:
Summary: Confidence: 3: You are fairly confident in your assessment of this paper. I hope that you will accept the paper. However, I strongly feel that this paper should probably be merged with a separate paper by the same authors. [1] Shrivastava, Anshumali, and Ping Li. "Densifying one permutation hashing via rotation. [2] Li, Ping, Art Owen, and Cun-hui Zhang. "One Permutation Hashing. C-MINHASH improves vanilla MINHash, but it lacks a clear justification for the benefits and a through comparison with related works.
Gold Metareview 143:
This was a somewhat unusual submission in that the authors tried to motivate their paper by pointing to a separate anonymous manuscript.  However, the authors didn't seem to want to confirm they would merge the manuscripts when asked about this. It was thought that in fairness the submitted manuscript should be judged on its own. After discussion, it was agreed that the submitted paper on its own, did not generate enough enthusiasm to merit acceptance.

Generated Summary 144:
4: Ok but not good enough - rejection confidence: 3: The reviewer is fairly confident that the evaluation is correct - p5 - you say ""When employing the predicted means, this accuracy was a bit lower.. when you actually have a drop from 99% to 54%! ... you do not specify which objects are used for this experiment. ... and in Section 4.2, you don...
Gold Metareview 144:
The paper describes the use of tactile sensors for exploration.  An important topic which has been addressed in various previous publications, but is unsolved to date.

The research and the paper are unfortunately in a raw state.  Rejected unanimously by the reviewers, without rebuttal chances used by the authors.

Generated Summary 145:
The paper provides a thorough analysis in the perspective of data variances on the widely used normalization tricks in the zero-shot learning research: normalize+scale and attribute normalization. It also demonstrates these tricks are not enough w.r.t. normalizing the variance in a non-linear model and propose a normalization trick to alleviate the issue. A theoretical justification for normalization in model training on how it affects model performance and training time. A new initialization scheme is introduced.
Gold Metareview 145:
This paper got mixed reviews. One for reject and three for acceptance. The reviewers and authors have extensive discussion. Authors also provided additional experiments for further clarifying some questions from the reviewers. The paper has some clarify issue in the theoretical justification part as pointed out by AR1. Authors should extensively improve this part or revise the statement. However, the method proposed in this paper is simple and the results are indeed good. This paper is valuable and should be shared within the community to advance research on ZSL. Therefore, AC recommends acceptance. 

Generated Summary 146:
3 out of 5 based on 0 reviews 1 out of 10 based upon 0 user reviews 2 out of 0 relying on a meta-analysis of the authors' paper. Rating: 6: Weak Accept: Technically solid, moderate-to-high impact paper, with no major concerns with respect to evaluation, resources, reproducibility, ethical considerations. 3  5  1  2 
Gold Metareview 146:
The paper provide a good and exciting improvement over LSH based widely used Falcon Library. All the reviewers found the contribution worthy of publication. 

Generated Summary 147:
A model-based algorithm for stochastic game learning, Nash-VI, which achieves a regret bound of $widetilde O(sqrtH3SABT)$ after $T$ steps and a PAC-type sample complexity of $widthy mathcal O(H3SAB/epsilon2)$ for finding an optimal policy. Review ------- The authors introduce new algorithms to solve two-player zero-sum Markov games, as well as one-player Markov game in the reward-free setting. The approach is model based, based on successive episods of planning and counting for updating the model estimate. It involves solving a matrix game at each iteration, looking for a notion of equilibria that is computable in polynomial time. An extension to multi-player games is proposed for both reward and reward free setting.
Gold Metareview 147:
The reviewers, AC, and PCs participated in a very thorough discussion. AC ultimately felt that the work was unfinished, and in particular that details in the proofs still needed work before publication.



Generated Summary 148:
This paper analyzes the recent line of work on uncertainty estimation in neural networks which model distributions over distributions by loss minimization. The results are an important (albeit limited in scope) contribution to the literature. The authors convey their arguments systematically supplemented with enough running examples to follow the argument. This paper discusses the difficulty in learning a predictor that exhibits the epistemic uncertainty given labeled examples as a training dataset.
Gold Metareview 148:
This meta review is based on the reviews, the authors rebuttal and the discussion with the reviewers, and ultimately my own judgement on the paper. There was a consensus that the paper contributes interesting insights on uncertainty quantification, and most reviewers praised several aspects of the submission. I feel this work deserves to be featured at NeurIPS and will attract interest from the community. I would like to personally invite the authors to carefully revise their manuscript to take into account the remarks and suggestions made by reviewers. Congratulations!

Generated Summary 149:
Positives: Acceptable: Technically solid, moderate-to-high impact paper, with no major concerns with respect to evaluation, resources, reproducibility, ethical considerations. This paper proves that any algorithm that achieves instance-dependent consistency (logarithmic regret) must exhibit heavy-tailed regret at the same time. This is demonstrated by Successive Elimination and Upper Confidence Bound equipped with a novel bonus. Rating: 6: Weak
Gold Metareview 149:
The reviewers came to consensus that this paper makes a good contribution to the study on the tail behavior of the regret of bandit problems. I agree with these opinions and please polish the paper so that the minor concerns raised by the reviewers become clear in the final version.

Generated Summary 150:
confidence: 4: The reviewer is confident but not absolutely certain that the evaluation is correct Nocturne introduces a 2D simulation environment to support RL/IL approaches to multiagent planning in the context of autonomous driving. Nocturnede is a 3D driving simulator with a focus on multi-agent coordination under partial observability, combining coordination and cooperation, where the agents’ parameters are tuned to match experts’ capabilities.
Gold Metareview 150:
Overall, this paper provides a great starting point for future benchmarking experiments. The reviewers engaged in a lively discussion with the authors and provided valuable suggestions for future improvements, which the authors have integrated in their submission. 

Generated Summary 151:
A case study of a public API for harm measurement in a more detailed way. This paper provides a framework for analysis of harm benchmarks for language models. It is not a dataset or benchmark, and it does not introduce new benchmarks or datasets. The authors were so nice to even reference works that were not included in the 'survey', so it is valuable collection of references. This by itself is already a valuable contribution, as it presents an up-to-date of relevant work.
Gold Metareview 151:
The paper proposes a framework for characterizing harmful text generated from LLMs. This is a timely and extremely important topic, and the paper engages with the complex socio-technical questions around it. The reviewers are split in their opinions (three in favor of acceptance; three opposed). The key argument raised against the paper is that it does not introduce a new benchmark or dataset, and does not make falsifiable claims. The meta-reviewers consider the paper to be well in-scope for the track: despite lacking empirical results, it provides a "framework for responsible dataset development" and clearly identifies "significant problems with existing datasets."  The authors successfully address the other concerns. The paper makes an important contribution to the community and deserves to be accepted.

Generated Summary 152:
Strong points 1. This paper introduces a searching framework of neural architectures ranking the candidates with two different metrics: the spectrum of NTK and the number of linear regions in the input space. These two metrics do not require the training of neural networks lightening the computational burdensome allowing to stack an equivalent number of cells for both the search and evaluation phase. 2. While no training has a benefit in the computational budget, the performance of their methodology is incremental improvements (or par) among various existing NAS algorithms. This work bridges between the advances in deep learning theory and the practice of NAS.
Gold Metareview 152:
The authors propose training-free neural architecture search using two theoretically inspired heuristics: the condition number of the Neural Tangent Kernel (to measure "trainability" of the architecture), and the number of linear regions in the input space (to measure "expressivity"). These two heuristics are negatively and positively correlated with test accuracy, respectively, allowing for fast, training-free Neural Architecture Search. It is certainly not the first training-free NAS proposal, but achieves competitive results with much more expensive NAS methods.

A few reviewers mentioned limited novelty of the method, a claim with which I agree. The contribution of the paper, however, is something different than how it was presented. The core message seems to be that the two proposed heuristics can greatly speed up NAS, and should be a baseline method against which more expensive methods should test.

I feel like this is a borderline paper, but may be of interest to researchers in the field.

Generated Summary 153:
Rating: 4: Ok but not good enough - rejection confidence: 5: The reviewer is absolutely certain that the evaluation is correct and has confidence in the evaluation of relevant speech features using the information bottleneck method. [2] Liu, Shiyu, and Mehul Motani. "Feature selection based on unique relevant information for health data." 2020 IEEE International Symposium on Information Theory (ISIT). IEEE, 2020.
Gold Metareview 153:
During the discussion among reviewers, we have shared the concern that this work has a significant overlap with [Liu et al. 2018] and [Liu & Motani 2020]. Although the authors tried to address this concern by the author response, I also think that the difference is not enough. In particular, the reviewers pointed out that Figure 1, Table 1, and Figure 3 are exactly the same with those in [Liu, 2020], and Proposition 2 in [Liu & Motani 2020] is Proposition 1 in this paper. Since these overlaps are not acceptable, I will reject the paper.

Generated Summary 154:
Memorization and forgetting dynamics of large language models during training, as a function of model and dataset sizes, learning rate, and task (i.e. causal vs masked language modeling). (Wei, J., Garrette, D.). "Transformer language model memorization by transformer language models in the light of model size, catastrophic forgetting and memory of unique tokens such as nouns and numbers" (Wiki Text 103, 500MB dataset).
Gold Metareview 154:
This paper studies the underlying training and memorization dynamics of very large language models. The main take aways are that larger-sized language models memorize training data faster, and that this memorization happens before the overfitting of language modeling. Tokens with certain part-of-speech tags (nouns, numerals) seem to be memorized faster during training. 

Overall, most reviewers feel positively about this paper, agreeing that it tackles an important problem and that it provides a solid contribution. The experimental results are detailed and use reasonable metrics for data memorization, including the forgetting identifier experiments. Some of the weaknesses that have been pointed out (e.g. regarding the significance of the part-of-speech tags experiment, clarifying the criteria for memorization, etc.) seem to have been well addressed during the author response. Therefore, I recommend acceptance.



Generated Summary 155:
It is not clear that they are useful as some iterations result in slight improvements while others result in loss TypeE-X's performance on a large number of datasets. The authors' model is based on KG embeddings with explicit types produced by an ontology-based system, such as ConvE or ComplEx. Knowledge-base refinement using co-training using a combination of two models.
Gold Metareview 155:
This paper proposes a novel method, IterefineE, for cleaning up noise in KGs. This method combines the advantages of using ontological information and inferences rules and KG embeddings with iterative co-training. IterefineE improves the task of denoising KGs on multiple datasets. While the importance of multiple iterations is mixed, reviewers agree that the combination of two significantly different types of reasoning is a promising direction.

Generated Summary 156:
This paper raises an interesting problem in complete neural network verifiers about potential numerical roundoff errors in the verification, and in such cases the provided guarantees may be invalid. To show such a phenomenon, the authors propose to construct "adversarial neural networks" that can cause the complete verifier to produce imprecise results in floating point arithmetics and can thereby fool the verifier. They also showed it is possible to insert a backdoor to the network such that the backdoor is missed by the Verifier while it can trigger some behavior desired by the attacker. Although this paper has also discussed a possible defense, the writing appears inconsistent and unclear. This paper presents a method to create neural networks that, due to floating-point error, lead to wrong robustness certifications on most input images by a so-called "complete verifier" for neural network robustness. The authors show how to make their networks look 
Gold Metareview 156:
The authors demonstrate that complete neural network verification methods that use limited precision arithmetic can fail to detect the possibility of attacks that exploit numerical roundoff errors. They develop techniques to insert a backdoor into networks enabling such exploitation, that remains undetected by neural network verifiers and a simple defence against this particular backdoor insertion. 

The paper demonstrates an important and often ignored shortcoming of neural network verification methods, getting around which remains a significant challenge. Particularly in adversarial situations, this is a significant risk and needs to be studied carefully in further work.

All reviewers were in agreement on acceptance and concerns raised were adequately addressed in the rebuttal phase, hence I recommend acceptance. However, a few clarifications raised by the official reviewers and public comments should be addressed in the final revision:
1) Acknowledging that incomplete verification methods that rely on sound overapproximation do not suffer from this shortcoming.
2) Concerns around reproducibility of MIPVerify related experiments brought up in public comments.

Generated Summary 157:
This is a good paper with a strong physicist's perspective, but it lacks a clear understanding of the architecture of the model. It does have a few limitations, such as a lack of focus on the underlying architecture, and a limited evaluation of its ability to perform well on a wide range of datasets. Overall, this paper is well-organized and easy to follow, and provides a comprehensive overview of the field.
Gold Metareview 157:
This paper proposes a novel type of variational auto encoder, referred to as HELO. The latent space is decomposed into a content space and a motion space, and the main contribution is the proposal to model the motion space using Hamiltonian dynamics. All reviewers agree that the idea of using Hamiltonian dynamics is interesting and novel. One main critique, that the authors agreed on, was that the operator does not contain any stochasticity and that this might be a limitation when applying the idea to model more complex data. Another remark was that the experiments are limited and experiments on less constraint data are missing. A quick look at the baseline methods revealed that they also use the same kind of data sets to evaluate their methods, so this latter concern might be of minor importance. 
All in all, the potential positive outcomes of this paper outweight its current limitations, so we recommend acceptance at this point, while urging authors to address the remaining concerns in the final version. 


Generated Summary 158:
Positives: Technically solid, moderate-to-high impact paper, with no major concerns with respect to evaluation, resources, reproducibility, ethical considerations. This paper introduced a new generative modelling method for structured data and demonstrated its effectiveness on symbolic polyphonic music and character level and word-level text modelling. This method also offers the opportunity for subtle control at inference time, which could be useful for downstream human-in-the-loop applications.
Gold Metareview 158:
This paper introduces SUNMASK for modeling discrete sequences. It builds upon previous works such as SUNDAE, Coconet and order-agnostic NADE, but uses a masking scheme that enables fine-grained or human-in-the-loop control during the generation. The qualitative experiments about musical inpainting and masking terms in language modeling do support this motivation to some extent. However, the reviewers are mainly concerned with both the algorithmic novelty and experiments of the paper.
 
Regarding the algorithmic novelty, some reviewers are concerned that the method is a straightforward combination of SUNMASK and Coconet. I tend to agree with this. Also the reviewers are concerned that the paper could have done a better job in the introduction and background section by putting the method in a better context and better describing related methods such as SUNDAE. This could help highlight the novelty of the paper.
 
Regarding the experiments, some reviewers are concerned about language modeling (Fig. 2) experiments, and that they do not show much improvement over SUNDAE. I tend to agree, and this is also shown in the results of Table 3 where it is clear that the quality of the language model is not on a par with the recent developments.
 
Also some of the motivations of the paper, especially the arguments about "high trust / low trust" interpretation of the mask, was unclear to me.
 
In short, I believe the paper should be clarified and improved by addressing the above concerns.

Generated Summary 159:
Summary: This paper addresses the “entity monitoring” problem. Section 5.2 only evaluates on a single object category for 3D objects, i.e. the airplane. However, often the problem at hand requires the method to handle multiple instances of multiple categories. In an indoor environment, you can easily find multiple chairs in a room together with many other categories of objects. Moreover, another critical point from my view is the lack of evaluation on real world dataset.
Gold Metareview 159:
This paper proposed a long-term object-based memory system for robots.  The proposed method builds on existing ideas of data association filters and neural-net attention mechanisms to learn transition and observation models of objects from labelled trajectories.  The proposed method was compared with baseline algorithms in a set of experiments.

The initial reviews raised multiple concerns about the paper. Reviewers nrGQ and  V7qP commented on the conceptual gap between the problem proposed in the introduction and the extent of the experiments. Reviewer qPet understood the paper to be a form of object re-identification and was concerned about the limited comparisons with related work.  The author response clarified their goal of estimating the states of the objects in the world, which they state is different from the goals of long-term tracking and object reidentification mentioned by the reviewers.  The authors also clarified the relationship to other work in slot-attention and data association filters.  

The ensuing discussion among the reviewers indicated that the paper's contribution remained unclear even after the author response. Two reviewers noted the paper did not clearly communicate the problem being solved (all reviewers had a different view of the problem in the paper).  These reviewers wanted a better motivation for the problem being addressed in this paper.  The third reviewer remained unconvinced that the problem in the paper was different from long-term object tracking.

Three knowledgeable reviewers indicate reject as the contributions of the paper were unclear to all of them. The paper is therefore rejected.

Generated Summary 160:
The authors propose a method for evaluating the P(y,lambda|x) as a probabilistic graphical model, but it is unclear what the probabilistic graph looks like. This paper is similar to ensemble learning in that it proposes a way to evaluate a probability graph. It is not clear what it looks like, but the authors suggest that it can be used to evaluate an ensemble learning model.
Gold Metareview 160:
Meta Review: This paper proposes LIGER to better use the foundation model in a weakly-supervised setting. LIEGER has two key components: 1) a finer estimator of weak source quality by dividing the embedding space and learning the source accuracy for each part, 2) source voting expansion  in the embedding space.

The reviewers agree that the proposed work is innovative and makes a significant technical contribution in using pretrained models under weak supervision. There were some concerns raised by reviewers, but most of them have been well addressed by the authors.  I recommend acceptance of this paper given its novelty and significant technical contribution.


Generated Summary 161:
Conditional negative sampling in contrastive learning is a more biased lower bound than InfoNCE, but with less variance. Experiments on several datasets and transferring datasets show some promising results. A family of conditional distributions where negatives can be drawn from (negatives are chosen conditional on the current instance), while maintaining a lower bound on the NCE and mutual information, resulting in a new estimator called Conditional NCE. Negative sample mining strategy in unsupervised representation learning is well discussed and found effective in recent research.
Gold Metareview 161:
This paper addresses the problem of how best to sample hard negatives during contrastive learning, a topic of importance for the recently resurgent field of metric learning / contrastive loss-based unsupervised representation learning. Backed by theoretical results for a new low-variance version of the NCE, the paper proposes an easy-to-implement "Ring" method for selecting negatives that are at just the right level of difficulty, neither too hard nor too easy.

Happily, this is a paper that has improved significantly through the interactive peer review of a dedicated set of reviewers combined with prompt responses from the authors. Perhaps the result that tipped this paper over the line in my assessment: the new experimental results now show significant gains from applying the "Ring" approach for hard negative sampling to near-state-of-the-art implementations of the MoCo-v2 approach, which is among the leading unsupervised visual feature learning approaches. 

Generated Summary 162:
Confidence: 4: You are confident in your assessment but not absolutely certain, that you did not understand some parts of the submission or that you are unfamiliar with some pieces of related work. This work proposes a dynamic convolution that is equipped with attention layers in all dimensions. Extensive experiments show that the proposed dynamic conv can yield a more powerful representation than counterparts, especially in light-weight backbones. The paper is written very well and easy to follow. 3. The idea is simple, and therefore the message is clear. The results look promising.
Gold Metareview 162:
This paper presents ODConv, a convolution pattern which uses attention in the convolutions across all dimensions of the weight tensor.
The paper is well motivated and well explained, easy to follow.
This work is built on top of previous work, but reviewers all agree that the contributions of this paper are significant.
The experimental section is comprehensive, with several benchmarks, and show clear improvements.
The reviewers suggested a few additional remarks, and discussions to add to the paper, which the authors have addressed in the rebuttal. Reviewers seem in general happy with the authors answers to their concerns.
This seems like a sound and meaningful paper. I am fully in favour of acceptance, and I recommend this paper to be presented as a spotlight.

Generated Summary 163:
Accept: A solid paper with strong evidence that it can be applied to a wide range of neural networks. EvoEnsemble improves performance compared to the Kalman filter with fast recalibration, and improves the accuracy of the model pool update frequency and encourage diversity in the model. The authors briefly mention that their method requires running an algorithm for hundreds of generations, for every update of the decoder pool (?). However, they do not quantify the time taken. Most importantly, they don't say whether this prevents the method from being applied online, in real-time, in "live" BMIs.
Gold Metareview 163:
The review ratings/confidences were 5/2, 6/2, 4/4, and 5/2. Although the average rating of 5 was just above the acceptance threshold, I think that it should somehow be discounted by the lower confidence levels. Although I myself does not have expertise in the field of BCI, as for the reviewers' evaluation, I think that they basically agreed on the following points:
- The problem is well motivated.
- The proposed method was built on DyEnsemble with some empirically-motivated extensions to have decoder models dynamically evolving. One could then argue that the proposal is not groundbreaking but somehow incremental.
- The authors showed experimentally that the proposed method works well compared with a number of other existing methods.

I also noticed that the authors made revision (adding a paragraph at the end of Section 2: It can be observed in the August 10 revision), which would have improved readability of this paper. I would thus recommend acceptance of this paper, provided that there is room for it.

Generated Summary 164:
Rating: 4: Ok but not good enough - rejection confidence: 3: The reviewer is fairly confident that the evaluation is correct, a-priori upper bound: derived upper bounds are orders of magnitude higher than the actual time taken, even with the L1 and L2 losses A Lyapunov based analysis of the loss function in neural network training and derives a priori upper bound on the settling time of the training, which somewhat complements existing studies. The authors try to mimic the classical control theory by having a candidate loss and continuous weight update equations. It is not clear why these are used for neural networks at the first place; rather, it seems that these are only applied for the sake of proving some technical results.
Gold Metareview 164:
This paper aims to study the convergence of deep neural networks training via a control theoretic analysis. This is a very interesting approach to establish theoretical understanding of deep learning. However, there are several concerns raised by the reviewers:

1.	The contribution of this paper is limited. The results simply follow from standard optimal control. It is not clear what new insight the paper provides.
2.	There are already quite a few works on control theoretic analysis of deep learning. This paper did not do a good job on presenting its novelty and difference with existing works.
3.	The experimental part is weak. It only involves small data set and very simple networks.

Based on these, I am not able to recommend acceptance for the current manuscript. But the authors are encouraged to continue this research.


Generated Summary 165:
This paper presents CloudBandit to solve the multi-cloud selection-configuration problem. The main novelty of the paper lies in creating the dataset for the above problem. A method to choose the best cloud provider in a multi cloud scenario to avoid vendor lock in given a task. The method provides an objective metric and helps narrow down the choice based on runtime or cost for a given workload. This paper analyzes the similarity between the Multi-Cloud Configuration optimization task and the Model Selection-Configuration problem, and try to solve this task inspired by an algorithm for best-arm identification from the AutoML domain.
Gold Metareview 165:
This paper studies the problem of choosing the best cloud provider for a task. The problem is formulated as a bandit and solved using algorithm CloudBandit. The algorithm is compared to several baselines, such as SMAC, and performs well. The evaluation is done on 60 different multi-cloud configuration tasks across 3 public cloud providers, which the authors want to share with the public.

This paper has four borderline reject reviews. All reviewers agree that it studies an important problem and that the promised multi-cloud optimization dataset could spark more research in the area of cloud optimization. The weaknesses of the paper are that it is not technically strong and that the quality of the new dataset is not clear from its description. At the end, the scores of this paper are not good enough for acceptance. Therefore, it is rejected.

Generated Summary 166:
## Quality & Clarity This paper is a novel, interesting, and informative work. It is an informative observation for the community which can be analyzed and built upon in future work. The negative observation in sim-to-real transfer is net positive for this work, as it is informative to the community in specifying a problem which hasn't been addressed in previous work. ## Originally & Meaning This paper provides a complex disentanglement dataset where the underlying factors of variation are inherently correlated. The experiments run are repeated multiple times and the results are convincing.
Gold Metareview 166:
This paper introduces a new dataset for evaluating disentanglement and its impact on out of distribution generalization based on the trifinger robotics platform. Using this dataset, the authors rigorously investigate the performance of beta-VAEs in this setting under a number of conditions, finding that weak supervision is necessary to induce disentangled representations, and that, perhaps surprisingly, disentanglement does not help for sim2real settings despite the similarity between the simulator and the real data. Reviewers were divided on the work, but had a number of concerns related to the claims of novel architecture, comparisons to baselines, and issues with the clarity of the paper, some of which were addressed in the authors' response. I agree with some of these concerns, particularly with respect to the claims of novel architectures since the modifications could simply be viewed as tweaking hyperparameters and are not rigorously compared to baselines. However, I think the novelty of the dataset and the rigorous evaluation of OOD generalization settings is likely to be valuable enough to the community to merit acceptance. I'd encourage the authors, however, to tone down some of the claims regarding the architecture (or provide sufficient baseline comparisons), and instead focus on the dataset and the OOD results. I recommend acceptance. 

Generated Summary 167:
This paper introduces a database with videos of a webcam and gelsight camera output captured when a person probes objects in natural environments with a tactile sensor. It is more diverse than existing databases, and provides multi-modal information, but how these benefits touch and sight association tasks are unclear. The main contribution is the dataset with labels of touching / not touching and different materials, which can be used for visuo-tactile learning problems.
Gold Metareview 167:
Overall, all reviewers see the novelty in the dataset that provides an original new set of tactile data, accounting for a wide range of objects and scene, collected in the wild. The paper is overall well written, clear and easy to follow, and provides a good demonstration of the importance and usefulness of the dataset, going beyond datasets collected by robots in the context of material properties. It also includes initial steps towards benchmarking, although it is not the core contribution of the paper, which lies in the creation of the dataset itself. 

Two reviewers recommend acceptance, two stand marginally below acceptance, and one does recommend rejection. The authors have provided detailed responses to all reviewers’ comments and concerns and updated their manuscript. The main concerns of those reviewers sitting on the fence seem to be answered and limitations acknowledged however the element of bias in the data collection was still considered as a possible concern. Based on my reading and accounting for the authors changes, there approach itself is novel and original and hence provides already a relevant contribution to NeuroIPS; while the authors acknowledge limitations and future work avenues. The one reviewer recommending rejection didn’t engage in the discussion but from my reading of both the paper, the comments, and the authors responses, I believe the main points were addressed by the authors and misunderstandings clarified. Overall, I believe the papers offers a novel, non-existing dataset that can inspire interesting future works; all the dataset is shared and presented clearly for others to use. 


Generated Summary 168:
This paper develops a novel way to compare two kernels, based on optimal transport between feature representations of the tree representation of the kernel. This paper comes up with a good idea for kernel search, inspired I believe from references [10,4] which conduct NAS by BO using OT over the computational graph. Thus the central idea is at hand (structure search by BO Using OT Over Structure Distance), though not immediate. The experimental validation is adequate. The computational advantages of this approach are well-explained, though I do not consider this a weakness.
Gold Metareview 168:
This is a strong submission that benefitted greatly from productive and clarifying discussion between the authors and reviewers, after which the reviewers reached a unanimous stance in favor of acceptance. I recommend the authors to revise the manuscript accordingly in light of these discussions. 

Generated Summary 169:
This paper presents a continuous-time framework for discrete state diffusion models, leveraging continuous time Markov Chains (CTMCs). The paper also proposes a generative CTMC that can be derived using Bayes rule and a correction scheme. Particular strengths are * Principled characterization of discrete CTMC via the generator (transition rate matrix) * A well-thought way to represent the exponentially large rate matrix that is both flexible and computationally cheap * The observation that the sum of forward and backward generator has the marginal distribution at that time as stationary (Proposition 4), which enables the adoption of the predictor-corrector sampling proved effective by Song et al. (2021) in continuous diffusions. The authors use a denoising model to approximate q(x0|xt) and the reverse transition rate matrix is built, and the author further proposed a continual time ELBO
Gold Metareview 169:
The work proposes a continuous-time generalization of diffusion models on a discrete space. The description uses continuous-time Markov chain (CTMC), in parallel to the existing stochastic differential equation description for continuous space. Reverse CTMC and modeling and ELBO objective are described. Some practical considerations and inspirations are also discussed, including avoiding exponentially large model in high dimensions, efficient reverse (generation) process simulation, and a corrector technique that further exploit the model to improve simulation (generation) quality. An error bound on the learned data distribution is also presented that shows a mild dependency on data dimensionality.

All the reviewers agree that this work presents the very right way to describe the continuous-time version of diffusion model on discrete space, and thereafter inspired techniques make a desired contribution to the community. Some concerns are raised, including still inferior performance than the continuous counterpart, and on the independence among dimensions. The authors provide reasonable remarks on them. Hence, I recommend accept to this paper.

One minor point: In Sec. 4.2, it would be clearer if the independence is specified both among the random variables $x^{1:D}$ in “output” and between each $x^d$ in “output” and $x^{1:D\backslash d}$ in “input”. Conventionally independence refers to the former, in which case the size is only reduced to $S^D \times D S^2$.


Generated Summary 170:
Rating: 5: Marginally below acceptance threshold confidence: 2: The reviewer is willing to defend the evaluation, but it is quite likely that the reviewer did not understand central parts of the paper This paper proposes an optimization-based algorithm for bit-flipping a limited number of bits in a quantized / binarized deep-learning model. The problem is formulated as a binary integer programming (BIP) problem, which is then solved using a recent ADMM-based technique.
Gold Metareview 170:
The major concerns about this paper are that (1) There are too many hyper-parameters, such as those needed for ADMM. I'd point out that there are adaptive variants of ADMM and heuristics methods for choosing optimization hyper-parameters, although it would be nice if the authors addressed these issues in the paper.  (2) Some reviewers are concerned that, compared to other related attacks, it’s unclear why flipping fewer bits is an important objective - an attacker might only care about poisoning performance and clean data performance.  The authors respond that flipping fewer bits makes the attack more effective when bits are manipulated by a physical method such as manipulating memory.  Despite these criticisms, reviewers agree that the paper is a well thought-out approach that improves the state of the art by some metrics.


Generated Summary 171:
This paper is a comprehensive review of methods for detecting out-of-distribution samples. It distinguishes between three different cases of OOD samples: (1) detecting irrelevant inputs: (2) detecting novel classes: (3) detecting domain shift: that is, detecting samples that belong to a known class but stem from a different generating distribution due to image corruptions (a la Hendrycks and Dietterich, 2019; Hsu et al., 2010). The results are presented in an impressive number of experiments.
Gold Metareview 171:
This paper proposes an OOD evaluation framework under three categories: irrelevant input detection, novel class detection, and domain shift detection. As with several reviewers, the AC recognizes the importance and effort to distinguish between different cases of OOD detection, as well as the amount of experimental comparison across several prominent methods in literature (MSP, MC-dropout, cosine similarity, ODIN, Mahalanobis).  

Despite being well-motivated, three knowledgeable reviewers find the paper not ready yet for publication at ICLR. The AC recommends a rejection, given the standing major concerns from the reviewers. The AC is hopeful that the paper can be significantly improved by 

- sufficiently discussing and highlighting the novel insights of the results. 
- a more rigorous definition of  "novel" vs. "irrelevant" inputs. There seem to be overlapping definitions between what Hsu et al. considered vs. this paper. In particular,  Hsu et al distinguish i) samples of a novel class but in a known domain, called semantic shift (S), and ii) samples of known class in a novel domain, called non-semantic shift (NS), both of which are reconsidered in this paper. Therefore, the novelty of this submission is more precisely to distinguish within the category of semantic shift. The AC agrees that this might deem some more rigorous measurement and definition of "semantic closeness". 
- The AC also finds the evaluation of domain shift in Section 3.3.2 may be potentially misleading the community, as it falls out of the standard OOD scope. The notion of common corruption is closer to the robustness problem (which is how ML model predictions changes w.r.t some delta changes in the input space). The changes may not be substantial enough to be "out-of-distribution".  

Generated Summary 172:
Confidence: 3: You are fairly confident in your assessment of this paper. I have some comments on the assumptions made to simplify the analysis, some of which seem to be quite restrictive and limit the results' application to real adversarial training problems. I think section 3.2 lacks a clear presentation and puts several limiting assumptions. First, the gradient steps are replaced with gradient flow which is inconsistent with real adversary training experiments. Second, the exponential loss function used for theoretical analysis is not used in practical adversarials.
Gold Metareview 172:
The paper is a nice addition to the developing theory of implicit bias in neural training. While the results are somewhat expected, the technical aspects are fairly involved due to the adversarial component.

Generated Summary 173:
2: The reviewer is willing to defend the evaluation, but it is quite likely that the reviewer did not understand central parts of the paper. I recommend rejection and encourage the authors to first clean up notation to make it readable. This paper studies composite neural network performance from function composition perspective. In the theorems 1, 2 and 3, the authors essentially prove that as the basis functions (pre trained components) increases (satisfying LIC condition), there are more vectors/objects can be represented by the basis. To me, this is a very straight forward result.
Gold Metareview 173:
Dear authors,

All reviewers pointed out the fact that your result is about the expressivity of the big network rather than its accuracy, a result which is already known for the literature.

I encourage you to carefully read all reviews should you wish to resubmit this work to a future conference.

Generated Summary 174:
A Sparse Low-Dimensional Decision "SLDD-Model" for Image Classification, Using Posthoc Feature Alignment with Human Interpretable Concepts. Rating: 6: Marginally above acceptance threshold confidence: 4: The reviewer is confident but not absolutely certain that the evaluation is correct - glm-saga seems like it should be a preliminary Rating: 8 - Top 50% of accepted papers, clear accept confidence: 3: The rever...
Gold Metareview 174:
This paper proposed an interesting method to induce a low-dimensional feature space for interpretable image classification. The proposed method is supported by comprehensive and strong experimental evaluations. Please consider the reviewers' comments in the final version. One common concern is it is unclear if the paper has novel technical innovation compared to the prior works.

Generated Summary 175:
This paper proposes a modification of the predictive coding paradigm in the context of variational inference with artificial neural networks. It addresses a limitation of the existing PC framework. The empirical results suggest that the proposed PPC modification outperforms regular PC on the task of classification for MNIST and CIFAR-10 and language modeling. This paper could discuss the computational complexity and scalability of the proposed model. They mention the limitations of their work.
Gold Metareview 175:
Motivated by advancing the applicability of backpropagation alternatives, the paper extends predictive coding to non-Gaussian distributions, so it can be used to train effectively complex architectures such as transformers.

The reviews are divided: three reviews give a score of 7 (accept) whereas one review gives a score of 4 (borderline reject). The positive reviews cite the following strengths: clearly stated motivation, technical soundness, potential for impact and convincing experiments. The negative review cites lack of clarity as the main weakness (something also mentioned in one of the positive reviews), while the reviewer is not convinced about the originality of the method given similar advances in variational inference and generative modelling.

On balance, given the potential of impact in the field of predictive coding and the technical soundness, I'm happy to recommend acceptance, even though clarity is somewhat lacking.

Some reviewers requested more details on computational complexity, memory consumption and scalability. I encourage the authors to use the extra content page in the camera-ready version to discuss these aspects further.


Generated Summary 176:
This paper proposes a new method for image restoration based a task-discriminator in addition to the GAN network. It shows superior performance than the baseline methods without such task discriminator on medical image restoration and image super-resolution. While the results are better, the idea seems straightforward and has limited novelty. This paper suggests to augment GAN-based image restoration with another task-specific branch such as classification tasks for further improvement
Gold Metareview 176:
This work presents a reconstruction GAN with an additional classification task in the objective loss function. Evaluations are carried out on medical and non-medical datasets. 

Reviewers raise multiple concerns around the following:

- Novelty (all reviewers)
- Inadequate comparison baselines (all reviewers)
- Inadequate citations. (R2 & R3)

Authors have not offered a rebuttal. Recommendation is reject. Work may be more suitable as an application paper for a medical conference or journal. 

Generated Summary 177:
Confidence: 3: You are confident in your assessment of this paper. This paper presents various improvements over the differentiable non-deterministic push-down automaton. Basic idea of non deterministic Push-down Automaton is to explore all the space for state id with stack with push/replace/pop operators with dynamic programming. Given the previous work of DuSell & Chiang (2020), this work has three contributions:
Gold Metareview 177:
This paper advances the long running thread of sequence modelling research focussed on differentiable instantiations of stack based models. In particular it builds upon recent work on the Nondeterministic Stack RNN (NS-RNN) by introducing three extensions. The first is to relax the need for a normalised distribution over the state and action distribution and allow unnormalised weights, this mostly serves to facilitate gradient flow and thus easier training. The second extension allows the RNN to condition on the top stack state as well as the symbol, improving expressiveness. The third improvement introduces a method for limiting the memory required to run the proposed model on long sequences, thus allowing its application to practical language modelling tasks. Each of these requires substantial algorithmic innovations.

The reviewers all agree that this is a strong paper worthy of publication. The paper includes a useful review of previous differentiable stack models which nicely sets up the rest of the paper where the contributions are well motivated and clearly presented. The reviewers had a number of clarification questions, partly due to the author's use of overly concise citations for key algorithms rather than inline descriptions. This situation has been improved by updates made to the paper.
The evaluation includes a series of synthetic experiments which are clear and provide a good elucidation of the various stack models properties. The practical evaluation on language modelling is more limited and serves mostly to demonstrate that the nondeterministic model can be scaled to a basic language modelling task.

Overall this is a strong paper with a well motivated and clear hypothesis. It provides a substantial extension to the prior work on nondeterministic stack models and progresses this line of research toward practical applications.

Generated Summary 178:
This paper proposes a new model for switching linear dynamical systems. The standard model and the proposed model are presented. Together with the inference procedure associated to the new model. This is exactly the methodological contribution of the manuscript. Experiments on three different tasks are reported, and qualitative and quantitative results (comparing with different state-of-the-art methods). The authors propose a structured variational approximation, but the factorization assumptions are not clear from the notation in section 4.
Gold Metareview 178:
The overall view of the reviewers is that the paper is not quite good enough as it stands. The reviewers also appreciates the contributions so taking the comments into account and resubmit elsewhere is encouraged. 

Generated Summary 179:
The paper lacks background and literature review, with a corresponding lack of references. The plots should be rescaled since most of the plot area is after convergence. For numerical results, the proposed method should also be compared to the solution and/or non deep learning approaches to solving the PDE systems. A neural network-based model to learn solutions to parabolic backward stochastic differential equations. While the general approach seems promising, the paper does not seem to articulate the addressed research gap and the benefit of the proposed methodology remained unclear in the broader context of learning-based PDE solvers.
Gold Metareview 179:
Reviewers were mixed about this paper. The stand-out concern is clearly the fact that this paper does very little to set itself in context. I would echo these concerns, and this is clearly the single greatest weakness of the paper. For example I would highlight lines 54--62, in which the proposed technique is compared only against some nebulously-defined "other".

Despite these concerns, I am inclined to agree with reviewer QEo4 that the paper is acceptable for a workshop, and would strongly encourage the authors to address the concerns raised by reviewers.

In addition to the review comments, a few comments of my own:

- Equation (2) assumes that the SDE is solved via the Euler--Maruyama method. Whilst analytically convenient, I believe it is more elegant to treat the general case for as long as possible (without reducing to just the EM method at this early stage). If the noise has particular structure then it may become desirable to solve the SDE via some more efficient numerical method, e.g. Milstein if using commutative noise or Heun if using additive noise (Heun converges to the Stratonovich solution, but for additive noise then Itô and Stratonovich are identical).
- I think equation (2) may be missing a $t_{n+1}-t_n$ coefficient for the $f$ term.
- The "not too far" of line 67 is usually referred to as a "trust region".

Generated Summary 180:
The authors of the paper argue that linear interpolations in the latent space have drawbacks because in typical modern use cases (Gaussian / uniform prior Pz) the aforementioned linear Interpolations are not distributed according to Pz anymore, and thus are likely to be out of the domain where decoder was actually trained. The key point is well-articulated and relevant mathematical details are derived in detail along the way. I have some concerns about the idea itself (see below); yet, while I disagree with some of the presented view points, I don't think that diminishes the contribution. I believe that the norms of the interpolants should be presented as well, such that to show if the desired property is true. I think the motivation is not very clear and should be improved.
Gold Metareview 180:
All the reviewers and AC agrees that the main strength of the paper that it studies a rather important question of the validity of using linear interpolation in evaluating GANs. The paper gives concrete examples and theoretical and empirical analysis that shows linear interpolation is not a great idea. The potential weakness is that the paper doesn't provide a very convincing new evaluation to replace the linear interpolation. However, given that it's largely unclear what are the right evaluations for GANs, the AC thinks the "negative result" about linear interpolation already deserves an ICLR paper. 

Generated Summary 181:
Reject: A solid paper with a high impact on at least one sub-area, with good-to-excellent evaluation, resources, reproducibility, and no unaddressed ethical considerations. A semantic-guided masking modeling method is proposed in this paper. To achieve this, an iBOT-pretrained ViT is used to extract the features, and then StyleGAN-based decoder is trained to learn semantic parts. Finally, the learned semantic parts attention maps are used to guide the mask modeling per-training. Extensive experiments are performed on classification and semantic segmentation downstream tasks. [Strengths]
Gold Metareview 181:
Authors present a method attempting to perform Masked Auto-Encoding (MAE) using semantic knowledge, to try to better approximate the semantic MAE seen in language domain. To do this, they leverage an iBOT framework and add some embeddings of the class token to create "part tokens", which are then compared to patch tokens from iBOT to produce attention maps. The objective for this process is a StyleGAN-based image reconstruction.

Once the part attention maps training is done, the network is then used to guide semantic based part masking based on the generated attention maps, for semantic MAE.  

SemMAE pretrained networks are then compared against other forms of SSL pretraining on ImageNet 1k, iNa, CUB, Cars, and ADE-20K, demonstrating improvements in all domains.

Pros:
- [R] Idea is interesting / novel
- [R] Well written
- [AC/R] Results improve over baselines	
	

Cons:
- [AC/R] Pipeline is complicated.
- [R] What about starting from random MAE and then adapting based on parts knowledge? Authors respond that this is future work.
- [AC/R] Not convinced parts are visual analog of words. Authors provide benchmark improvements in performance, and qualitative visualization of the parts. However, there is no quantitative assessment of the parts and whether they have true semantic meaning.
- [AC/R] Some improvements are marginal. Authors respond that although marginal in some cases, they are consistent. 
- [R] Paper does not discuss more how to deal with background. Authors respond that this is future work.

Overall, all reviewers have changed their assessments to accept, including the one reject reviewer. AC recommends accept, though would be preferable if quantitative assessment of the quality of the semantic parts (for example, by segmentation masks) could be provided.

AC Rating: Accept

Generated Summary 182:
Confidence: a good fit for the conference, but a bit of a let down. The main metrics, zone generalisation and zone residuals, are based on different models, and the main metrics are confusing. g and h in Eqn 4 if we only get to see a single participant? (The linear assumption on g likely avoids this non-identifiability). ...
Gold Metareview 182:
The authors develop two metrics for evaluating how different brain zones may be affected by the same stimuli. The framework created shows promising results when applied to actual and simulated data. This is a well-written paper with a particular application in mind. It designs a framework for discussing causal effects for applications in neuroscience. This paper's developed metrics and framework are potentially impactful and present a promising start for future research in this direction. The reviewers and I found the author's replies and rebuttal especially helpful in reaching our decision, so I hope some of these comments and arguments are included in the final version of the paper.

Minor comment: In addition to the comments made by the reviewers below, I would encourage the authors to make the references more consistent. At the moment some authors' first names are included and others are not.

Generated Summary 183:
[pros] This paper is basically clearly written. [Originality] Providing justification to the proximal operator approach is naive. [Quality] See [Detailed comments] section below. [Clarity] Despite all the theoretical arguments given to justify the proposal, the resulting proposal may simply be viewed as a naviive application of the pos. Rating: 4
Gold Metareview 183:
Both R3 and R1 argue for rejection, while R2 argues for a weak accept. Given that we have to reject borderline paper, the AC concludes with "revise and resubmit".

Generated Summary 184:
Summary: Strengths: - The proposed robust unlearnable example is technically sound and empirically demonstrated it can be effective when used against adversarial training. Experiments are comprehensive. - Is the proposed method only effective if the epsilon for the defensive perturbation is larger than epesion for the adversarian training? - Does the REM on ImageNet can show the content of the image while not on CIFAR-10?
Gold Metareview 184:
To address the problem of unauthorized use of data, methods are proposed to make data unlearnable for deep learning models by adding a type of error-minimizing noise. Based on th fact that the conferred unlearnability is found fragile to adversarial training, the authors design new methods to generate robust unlearnable examples that are protected from adversarial training. In addition, considering the vulnerability of error-minimizing noise in adversarial training, robust error-minimizing noise is then introduced to reduce the adversarial training loss.
The authors have tried to respond to reviewers' comments along with adding more experiments.
Overall, this manuscript finally gets three positive reviews and one negative review, where the possible vulnerability or robustness of error-minimizing noise against (simple) image processing operations was not verified.
In comparison with other manuscripts I'm handling that got consistent positive comments, this manuscript is still recommended to be accepted (poster) with a further study of robustness under simple image transformations in the final version.

Generated Summary 185:
summary: confidence: 4: The paper is clearly written; and with good motivation. * The methodological development is well motivated and clearly written. * Fig.1 is really helpful in understanding spatially localized network. * Experiments are well defined, and results are presented well. * Confidence: 5: This paper is a very good paper with a thorough evaluation of the proposed methods and the exact mechanisms leading to better or worse performance of 3D vs 2.5D approaches in neuroscience segmentation.
Gold Metareview 185:
The paper presents a novel idea of a 2.5D segmentation approach considering the characteristics of medical imaging data. The practical importance and novelty of the proposed approach are well received by all the reviewers. Clear description and illustration are included appropriately in the paper. Some experimental details-related questions were raised by the reviewers, and they were well addressed in the rebuttal.

Generated Summary 186:
A strong, theoretically sound paper, with novel ideas, excellent impact on at least one area, or high-to-excellent impact on multiple areas, with excellent evaluation, resources, and reproducibility, and no unaddressed ethical considerations. Reward shaping is used to speed up reinforcement learning, i.e., it is expected to make exploration more focused and to allow the algorithm to find the optimal policy without the need to explore the entire state space.
Gold Metareview 186:
The reviewers carefully analyzed this work and agreed that the topics investigated in this paper are important and relevant to the field. Overall, the reviewers had a generally positive impression of this paper. One reviewer argued that this paper addresses a relevant and valuable question and makes an important step towards a better understanding of regret when reward shaping is used. Even though this paper makes assumptions that were of some concern to other reviewers, this reviewer argued that the paper is nonetheless an important milestone for the community. Another reviewer acknowledged that this paper conducted a formal theoretical investigation of the impact of reward shaping methods on the sample complexity of RL algorithms and argued that all proofs seem to be sound. This reviewer had a few technical questions, which were all addressed by the authors. Post-rebuttal, the reviewer encouraged the authors to incorporate the corresponding details (such as those discussed in the rebuttal) in the updated version of their draft. A third reviewer emphasized that this paper shed light on reward shaping from a theoretical perspective. They argued that the quality and scientific soundness of the paper are objectively excellent, that the paper is original, and that it deserves merit. The reviewer pointed out one main weakness, however, regarding the assumption of the type of the shaped reward function. They wondered whether this assumption could limit the impact and applicability of the paper's results. After reading the authors' thorough rebuttal, however, the reviewer stated that they were satisfied with all responses and updated their score accordingly. Finally, a fourth reviewer also had an overall positive view of this work but pointed out, as a weakness, the seemingly strong assumption that the shaping signal is an approximation of the optimal value function. After reading the authors' response, however, the reviewer stated that the assumptions made in this paper were not as restrictive as they initially thought, and updated their score. Overall, thus, it seems like most reviewers were positively impressed with the quality of this work. They look forward to an updated paper version addressing the suggestions mentioned in their reviews and during the discussion phase.

Generated Summary 187:
Positives: Technically solid, moderate-to-high impact paper, with no major concerns with respect to evaluation, resources, reproducibility, ethical considerations. The model, experiments, implementation, and empirical comparisons are all in the model of Chakraborty-Meel (AAAI19,NeurIPS20). Rating: 6: Weak Acceptable: The Pacoco algorithm has a sampling complexity of tildeO(sqrtn log n / (eta - 11.6 epsilon) + n/a2)$.
Gold Metareview 187:
This submission studies (a somewhat non-standard version of) tolerant closeness testing of distributions over the n-dimensional hypercube. Instead of only iid samples, it is assumed that the tester is able to efficiently evaluate the probability mass at any point in the domain and to sample from the distribution conditioned on any subset of size two of the domain. The main result is
an algorithm with query complexity scaling near-linearly in the dimension. Using only iid samples, one would need exponential dependence on dimension. The algorithm is evaluated on synthetic and real-world datasets. It is experimentally shown that their algorithm outperforms a previous baseline, which in the worst case has complexity scaling exponentially in the dimension. Overall, this is an interesting work that appears to meet the bar for acceptance.

Generated Summary 188:
Accept: This paper is a very good paper where reasons to accept outweigh reasons to reject, e.g., limited evaluation. The INSP-Net can process INRs by combining high-order differential operators and empirically validate the effectiveness of the proposed method across both low- and high-level vision tasks. This reviewer likes the general idea of this paper. While INR are becoming increasingly popular, it's not obvious how one can perform operations on these continuous elements that are similar to the discrete operations defined over lattices. This paper proposes the first solution to do this (to the best of my knowledge).
Gold Metareview 188:
The paper proposes a framework to perform signal processing tasks on a signal represented with an implicit neural representation directly in the representation space, without the need to instantiate the signal. 

After the rebuttal period, all reviewers recommend acceptance. 

In particular reviewer 1Yx6, an expert on the topic, finds the idea original, and the quality and clarity of the paper to be high. The reviewer finds that while for now the significance is limited (since working as proposed in the representation space is computationally prophibitavely expensive), this is not a major issue, since the the paper is likely to inspire work that will push the idea further. 
Reviesers edqT and qGk1 also liked the general idea of the paper and find the proposed method to directly perform operations on the representation space of implicit neural representations to be novel and interesting

Reviewer Uh51 initially identified a few issues regarding experimental design, the validation, and on the included literature. The main concern regarding the experimental design of the reviewer was that the paper focuses on images (and not signal processing tasks more broadly), which I don't consider a shortcoming, due to the importance of image processing tasks. The concerns on the validation issues have been addressed as well, and the reviewer raised their score. 

I recommend acceptance of the paper. 


Generated Summary 189:
A novel VIO method which estimates 5 DoF poes (with the elevation fixed) from monocular camera and IMU. In particular the proposed method adopt Unscented Kalman Filter (UKF) which is natually differentiable for the state estimation. With the aid of filtered roll and pitch using UKF, the front-view images can be converted to bird eye view images which are then used for pose estimation with Differentiable Phase Correlation. This way it retains the interpretability of the pipeline and also leverage the power of data-driven approach to learn the otherwise hand-tuned covariance matrices.
Gold Metareview 189:
The paper proposes a differentiable approach for monocular VIO estimation based on BEV, without relying on deep neural networks. The reviewers find the paper well written and the idea of using BEV to be interesting. This paper received highly mixed reviews. The major concerns raised by the reviewers include empirical evaluations of the model interpretability, justification for relying on algorithmic priors than parameters, results on more challenging datasets, positioning this work with respect to existing work on deep state estimators, and clarifications regarding the claims made, among others. Most of the concerns raised by the reviewers have been thoroughly addressed in the rebuttal. I thank the authors for the engaging discussions during the rebuttal. Some minor concerns still exist. Nevertheless, I agree with the reviewers that the paper is an interesting contribution.

Generated Summary 190:
5: Good paper, accept confidence: 3: The reviewer is fairly confident that the evaluation is correct, accept the confidence: 4: This paper is theoretically complete and experimentally sufficient. The authors proved that the generalization error of linear graph embedding methods is bounded by the norm of embeddding vectors, rather than the dimensionality constraints. This paper has a number of concerns: 1. In a generalization bound like in Theorem 1, it is very typical of the Generalization Error to include a term that represents the complexity of the hypothesis function class. In practice, the positive training pairs are not restricted to 1-hop neighbors, but could also be 2 or more hops, in that case, it won't easily overfit the training data.
Gold Metareview 190:
This paper provides a generalization analysis for graph embedding methods concluding with the observation that the norm of the embedding vectors provides an effective regularization, more so than dimensionality alone. The main theoretical result is backed up by several experiments.  While the result appears to be correct, norm control, dimensionality reduction and early stopping during optimization are all very well studied in machine learning as effective regularizers, either operating alone or in conjunction. The regularization parameters, iteration count, embedding dimensionality is typically tuned for an application. The AC agrees with Reviewer 2 that the paper does not provide sufficiently interesting insights beyond this observation and is unlikely to influence practical applications of these methods.   Both reviewer 2 and 3 have also raised points on the need for stronger empirical analysis.

Generated Summary 191:
I'm leaning towards acceptance because I enjoyed the technical contribution but I think the paper would be substantially stronger if it made a better case for why regularizers other than the normal Shannon entropy are relevant for practical IRL problems (perhaps even with an example application demonstrating a clear benefit over AIRL as well as other imitation learning baselines). Rating: 6: Marginally above acceptance threshold. Confidence: 3: The reviewer is fairly confident that the evaluation is correct
Gold Metareview 191:
This paper studies inverse reinforcement learning through the prism of regularized Markov decision processes, by generalizing MaxEntIRL from the negative entropy to any strongly convex regularizer (as a side note, strict convexity might be enough for many results).
The reviewers appreciated the clarity, the mathematical rigor and the empirical evaluation of this paper. They asked some questions and raised some concerns, that were mostly addressed in the rebuttal and the revision provided by the authors.
This is a strong paper, for which the AC recommends acceptance.


Generated Summary 192:
Review a paper's review. Consider a backup plan in case something goes wrong. n = 2$, d = 1$, and f_1(x) = n - 2$. The probability of sampling a sub-function form a time-reversible Markov chain is convex, and the lemma is incorrect. The arbitrary convergence rate of the stochastic proximal point algorithm. Numerical results show that the SPPA is competitive, including in nonconvex settings such as training neural networks for image classification. The main result is Lemma 1, which shows backward conditional probability.
Gold Metareview 192:
The paper considers the stochastic proximal point algorithm, the main contribution is a convergence proof (in addition to arguing that it is a practical algorithm for ERM problems).  However, reviewer EvJ6 and xJB8 pointed out a fatal flaw in Lemma 1 that affects all the downstream results, and the other two reviewers and myself agree that this invalidates the core results. Reviewer EvJ6 gives extensive examples of how the lemma cannot be simply fixed. So while this is an interesting stochastic extension of the famous deterministic method and may warrant further study, this paper doesn't yet provide a rigorous convergence proof.

Generated Summary 193:
Summary: A novel approach to learning ordinal relationships between classes in the training process of neural networks, which improves the performance, especially when a limited amount of training data is available. The evaluations are not very convincing. The paper addresses a common challenge faced when training models with labels which are coarse and could benefit from domain knowledge to more correctly define them. ................................... - a review of a paper's review. - The reviewer is confident that the authors could make the network converge with such a large optimization within the loss function.
Gold Metareview 193:
This is a borderline paper -- while the underlying idea is good and relevcant, the authors don't do a very good job of selling it; their experiments are performed on a very specific task with limited clinical relevance. The reviewers had a number of questions regarding experimental setup, which were largely answered in the rebuttal.

Generated Summary 194:
A review paper on spectral clustering for node-level classification. A review and benchmark paper on neural network-based classifiers for classification tasks. Weakness: This paper lacks a more detailed exploration of this topic. a) Confidence: 4: You are confident in your assessment, but not absolutely certain, that you did not understand some parts of the submission or that you are unfamiliar with some pieces of related work. b) The empirical results are presented honestly, which is greatly appreciated.
Gold Metareview 194:
There was some discussion on this paper, both with the authors and between reviewers. On the one hand, there is a general agreement that the empirical results suggesting that spectral clustering-based method can be competitive with SOTA methods on node classification benchmark is an interesting result. One the other hand, reviewers did not find a significantly novel contribution in the methodology proposed, and found that the empirical evaluation lacks depth and details to be really informative (eg, to understand why some methods work or not on some benchmarks). There is therefore a consensus that the paper is not ready for ICLR in its current form, but we hope that the reviews and discussion will help the authors prepare a revised version in the future.

Generated Summary 195:
Summary: Confidence: 3: You are fairly confident in your assessment of the paper. The mathematical proofs are not correctly written, the best example si page 17 where authors stack equations with several unnecessary informations leaving the reader to a rough experience. The experimental part is mostly synthetic data set in low dimension and two real-world data set is not enough to show advantages of your approach. Furthermore, it is clearly incomplete. The theoretical results appear to have very few links with empirical results and the behavior of the proposed approach in practice.
Gold Metareview 195:
This paper proposes a self-exciting temporal point process model with a non-stationary triggering kernel to model complex dependencies in temporal and spatio-temporal event data. The kernel is represented by its finite rank decomposition and a set of neural basis functions (feature functions). The proposed model has superior performance in comparison to other state-of-the-arts methods. All the reviewers recognized that the model is interesting and advances the state of the art in a meaningful way. While they were some concerns regarding the experimental evaluation, particularly in terms of real data, and the presentation, the rebuttal/revision by the authors cleared up these concerns.

Generated Summary 196:
4: Ok but not good enough The paper introduces a novel objective function by imposing geometric constraints on the logits of uncertain samples. To overcome the dilemma of selecting the ball radius, the authors propose a surrogate objective, namely Wasserstein Normalization. An SDE grad flow is proposed for solving the Wasserstein normalization. Despite the overall idea is interesting, and the results described in the paper seem impressive and state-of-the-art on many of the tasks considered, I believe that the paper is badly written and very hard to follow. A computationally efficient Wasserstein distributional normalization algorithm for accurate classification of noisy labels.
Gold Metareview 196:
This paper proposes a potentially very interesting and original approach to handle label noise.  The numerical experiments suggest that the method works very well. But the paper  itself has been deemed very hard and demanding to read and understand for a general machine learning crowd and even by experts in the fields of optimal transport and  Markov theory. 

Note that due to the low confidence in several review an additional emergency review by an expert was asked and it confirmed the global opinion from  other reviewers that the paper is interesting but needs a major rewriting before acceptance in a ML conference. The AC strongly suggest that the authors work on a more pedagogical introduction and explanation of the method before resubmitting.  

Generated Summary 197:
This paper proposes an approach to model social influence in a scenario-independent manner by instantiating the concept of intrinsic motivation and combining various human abilities as part of a reinforcement learning function in order to improve the agent's operation in social dilemma scenarios. It also proposes a new intrinsic reward for MARL, representing the causal influence of an agent’s action on another agent counter-factually. This is good, however, if we’re thinking about situations where agents aren’t trained together and have their own rewards (the authors’ example: “autonomous vehicles are likely to be produced by a wide variety of organizations and institutions with mixed motivations”) then won’t these agents be exploited by rational agents?
Gold Metareview 197:
The reviewers raised a number of concerns including the appropriateness of the chosen application and the terms in which social dilemmas have been discussed, the lack of explanations and discussions, missing references, and the extent of the evaluation studies. The authors’ rebuttal addressed some of the reviewers’ concerns but not fully. Overall, I believe that the work is interesting and may be useful to the community (though to a small extent., in my opinion). However, the paper would benefit from additional explanations, experiments and discussions pointed in quite some detail by the reviewers. AS is, the paper is below the acceptance threshold for presentation at ICLR.

Generated Summary 198:
A method for resampling from the hindsight experience replay buffer. An alternative way of performing Bellman updates for goal conditioned value function. The authors propose a wealth of changes to the standard HER agent and obtain a performance improvement in 3 robotic manipulation tasks. The main observation made by the paper is that relabeled experiences may be very off-policy / out-of-distribution, and so value estimates for such experiences will be bad.
Gold Metareview 198:
This paper extends the idea of hindsight experience replay (HER) to learn Q functions with relative goals by constructing a distribution over relative goals sampled from a replay buffer using a clustering algorithm. This approach is evaluated on three multi-goal RL environments and is shown to learn faster than baselines.

${\bf Pros}$:
1. Faster convergence as compared to baselines
2. Interesting use of clustering in the context of HER but this choice is made without strong justifications or formal arguments

${\bf Cons}$:
1. Some of the key choices made in this paper are not justified or explained property, e.g. - the goal sampling strategy, choices made in the clustering algorithm and associated heuristics, implicit assumptions (e.g. R1 raised the question of using L2 distance in measuring metrics between two states) 
2. There are several choices made without sufficient formal arguments, verification or guarantees. 

The paper studies an interesting problem but could be made stronger by incorporating feedback received during the discussion period. 

Generated Summary 199:
Excellent paper with novel ideas, excellent evaluation, resources, and reproducibility, and no unaddressed ethical considerations. Equilibrium propagation is a promising framework to learn neural networks in a biologically plausible way. However, it is sensitive to noise, which makes it hard to scale to large machine learning tasks, and requires two phases, limiting its interpretability as a physiologically plausible learning framework. The authors solve those two problems by introducing a new variant of equilibrium propagation that relies on complex analysis and holomorphic functions, and derive an online unbiased version of the corresponding learning rule. They also show that this new algorithm is more robust to noise than traditional EP. Rating: 8: Strong
Gold Metareview 199:
Equilibrium propagation is a biologically plausible form of backpropagation based learning where the true gradient of an energy based model is computed for infinitesimal perturbations. In this innovative work, authors extend EP using complex analysis that links contour integrals for finite perturbations with the oscillatory dynamics in time. This not only allows better gradient estimates, but also applications to related theories of learning in neuroscience as well as neuromorphic engineering. It represents a significant advance that opens new doors.


Generated Summary 200:
Accept: Technically solid, moderate-to-high impact paper, with no major concerns with respect to evaluation, resources, reproducibility, ethical considerations. Unlike the traditional online learning setting, there is no immediate feedback to the allocator on the quality of the allocation at each round. Hence, I am not sure about the applicability of the results in any interesting domains. -- Confidence: 4 --------
Gold Metareview 200:
Executive summary:

The authors study the repeated allocation of an identical good over T rounds to n strategic buyers in a "no monetary transfers" setting. The buyers have i.i.d. valuations drawn from an unknown distribution, and the algorithm must work with reported valuations. The goal is to maximize social welfare (= sum of valuations) under the constraint that each buyer receives a pre-specified fraction of the total number of goods. 

The main result is an algorithm for this problem that ensures two things: 

(a) approximate Bayesian incentive compatibility (approx-BIC) (Definition 2 and Theorem 1) and 

(b) low individual regret (Definition 3 and Theorem 2). 

The key idea of the algorithm (is to exploit the iid-ness of the problem) and detect misreports from the underlying CDF using Dvoretzky-Kiefer-Wolfowitz type bounds.

Discussion and recommendation:

After some initial set back on the problem motivation, the reviewers bought into the motivation for studying this online allocation problem "without monetary transfers" (adding examples such as the foodbank example might be good).  

There was some discussion around "assuming iid valuations" limiting the generality of the result, but there is in fact a history of papers that studies learning with strategic agents under this assumption (eg Kanoria and Nazerzadeh 2021).

The main difference of the current work is that it's working in a setting without money.

The idea behind the algorithm is maybe "the obvious think to do" - but of course it still requires some work to formally prove that it actually works. 

I think one thing that could strengthen the paper would be to add some discussion around the tightness/non-tightness of the approximate BIC and individual regret bounds.

Weak accept.

Generated Summary 201:
A new KD method to inherit classifier from teacher models and utilize it to train the student model feature representation, where previous KD methods are mostly focusing on the proxy task other than the target task itself. There are multiple experiments on major face recognition datasets and demonstrate superior performance against baselines such as L2KD-s Knowledge Distillation for Face Recognition. ECCV2020 rating: 4: Ok but not good enough - rejection confidence: 3: Confident but not absolutely certain that the evaluation is correct
Gold Metareview 201:
This paper presents a knowledge distillation method for face recognition, by inheriting the teacher’s classifier as the student’s classifier and optimizing the student model with advanced loss functions. It received comments from three reviewers: 1 rated “Ok but not good enough - rejection”, 1 rated “Marginally below” and 1 rated “Marginally above”. The reviewers appreciate the simple yet clear methodology illustration and the well written paper. However, a number of major concerns are raised by the reviewers, including limited novelty, lack of comparison with more advanced knowledge distillation methods and their special case in face recognition. During the rebuttal, the authors made efforts to response to all reviewers’ comments. However, the rating were not changed. The ACs concur these major concerns and more comprehensive comparisons with the state of the art KD methods are necessary to better illustrate the contribution of this work. Therefore, this paper can not be accepted at its current state.


Generated Summary 202:
summary: Confidentiality of the results and message of the paper is a strong endorsement of normGrad for IQA in chest x-rays. However, there is little explanation for why this is happening. -Rebuffi et al. 2020 NormGrad: A New Approach to Deep Learning for Chest X-Ray Imaging -Journal of the American College of Radiation Oncology
Gold Metareview 202:
The paper receives unanimously positive reviews from four knowledgeable experts. They all agree that, though the saliency detection method NormGrad is not invented by the authors, its use in the context of medical image analysis shows promising results, which is clearly demonstrated by the authors. They also express some concerns, which are largely addressed by the authors in the discussions. I, therefore, recommend the acceptance of this paper.

Generated Summary 203:
Pros: This paper is a good paper. The originality of the paper as well as the quality and significance of this paper is acceptable. Empirical results show that classifier discrepancy dominates the few-shot classification error rate. This might not hold true in a cross-domain dataset, such as Meta-Dataset [1]. Can results be provided on such a dataset? a. Yes.
Gold Metareview 203:
This paper proposes a contribution aiming at understanding the cause of errors in few-shot learning. The motivation is interesting but the reviewers pointed out many aspects that require more precisions and polishing in addition to the fact that the upper bound provided it rather loose. The rebuttal provided addresses some concerns, but there are still some remarks that require some clarifications en work.
Hence, I propose rejection.

Generated Summary 204:
Accept: Technically solid paper, with high impact on at least one sub-area, or moderate-to-high impact on more than one areas. The novelty of the paper is not very exciting and the training schemes (algorithm 1) are pretty standard. The authors’ intuition that the trojan and benign features will not affect each other. The method is evaluated on popular datasets and models. Results show much better trojan detection performance than prior works. Moreover, the approach can also be used to mitigate trojan attacks and achieve the best mitigation performance.
Gold Metareview 204:
This paper proposes a new reverse-engineering method for trojan attack detection. The idea is to focus on feature representation space so that the detection is more robust to dynamic / input-dependent attacks and other feature-based attacks. The reviewers consider the idea generally novel and effective, and the experiments thorough. Some reviewers hope to see more visual analysis that can provide better insights into the effectiveness of the method. 

Generated Summary 205:
This paper studies an important area in RL, hierarchical RL which improves data efficiency by incorporating abstractions. In this paper, the authors propose an efficient option learning algorithm, which utilizes a TD(0) type objective and constrains the learned policy being not too far away from the past policy. In terms of different abstractions, the paper studies action abstraction through a mixture policy, and temporal abstraction through explicitly limiting the maximum number of switches between options. Rating: 6
Gold Metareview 205:
There was a fair amount of discussion about the paper.  Several reviewers felt that the paper would have been stronger if it tried to do less but better.  The reviews describe in detail what the reviewers would have found compelling, but the key suggestion is to remove the complexity that is not essential for the approach to provide consistent improvements.  Doing this requires a better understanding of the algorithm's behavior and a valid ablation study, a new concern raised during the discussion with the authors. 

The reviewers felt that the proposed approach is potentially interesting and would like to see this paper done well.

Generated Summary 206:
Summary of the paper: Confidence: 4: You are confident in your assessment, but not absolutely certain, that you did not understand some parts of the submission or that you are unfamiliar with some pieces of related work. Experiments: I would suggest to simply use CatBoost or XGBoost rather than the proposed method. I would recommend to simply USE CatBoost instead of the suggested method. This paper studies the prediction problem on tabular datasets and proposed a differentiable multi-layer fern-based architecture (NODE) for tabular data that has lower theoretical computational complexity to be suited for lower-end CPU devices. The selling point is that the paper is computationally efficient on CPUs and can learn sparse representation. Math/other details were not carefully checked. The paper constructs Sparse Hierarchical Table Ensemble.
Gold Metareview 206:
The submission introduces the sparse hierarchical table ensemble (S-HTE), based on oblivious decision trees for tabular data. The reviewers acknowledged the clarity of the presentation and the importance of the computational complexity analysis. However, they also raised concerns regarding the novelty of the proposed method and the significance of the results compared to competing methods (e.g., CatBoost). Given the consensus that the submission is not ready for publication at ICLR, I recommend rejection at this point.

Generated Summary 207:
Increasing task diversity during meta-learning does not boost performance, but increases task diversity in meta-training. Compared with the existing work, the paper performs more extensive experiments with different meta- learning algorithms, different task samplers, and different datasets. This paper finds negative evidence, which is consistent with Setlur et al. (2021). Compared to the current work, this paper does a better job of evaluating the effects of task diversity on meta learning.
Gold Metareview 207:
This paper set out to show that increasing task diversity during meta-training process does not boost performance. The reviewers mostly  agreed (only reviewer wVFn dissented) that the empirical set up of the paper was convincing, but they also felt it over-emphasized empirics over a deeper understanding of the phenomena observed. In turn, this resulted in discussions around how the experiments and the explanations didn't fully prove that increasing task diversity does not help. Overall, the discussion and the additional analysis tools provided by the authors (such as the diversity metric) will greatly improve the paper.

Generated Summary 208:
This paper proposes to employ a CVAE structure to generate pseudo OOD samples by providing some synthetic conditional information. Besides, they design a two-stage framework to train an OOD detection model by leveraging the generated pseudo EOD data. They show that their approach outperforms other SOTA methods in the task of out-of-distribution detection. However, the proposed method's efficiency becomes also vague, and I'm leaning towards rejection of the paper.
Gold Metareview 208:
The paper adopts CVAE to generate OOD samples for training an outliner detector. It consists of two phases that train an OOD detector by leveraging the generated OOD data and shows it outperform other methods. According to reviewers’ discussion, there is a concern from the discussion: why CVAE works but other variants or cGAN doesn’t. The paper needs more motivation or evidence or ablations to support the generality of the work.

Generated Summary 209:
A method for Bayesian learning in non-stationary environments: at each time step, each previous datum may or may not be incorporated into the new posterior, so that old data from different states can be ignored. The main contribution is BAM, an algorithm that constructs an informative prior distribution for current observations based on stored previous data. The authors pointed out when relating BAM to the existing works, and also suggested as future work, one can allow the selection variables $W$ to be any real number between $[0,1]$.
Gold Metareview 209:
The article introduces a Bayesian approach for online learning in non-stationary environments. The approach, which bears similarities with weighted likelihood estimation methods, associate a binary weight to each past observation, indicating if this observation should be including or not to compute the posterior. The weights are estimated via maximum a posteriori. 

The paper is well written, the approach is novel and its usefulness demonstrated on a number of different experiments. The original submission missed some relevant references that have been added in the revision. The approach has some limitations, highlighted by the reviewers:
* it requires to solve a binary optimisation problem whose complexity scales exponentially with the size of the dataset; although the greedy procedure proposed by the authors seems to work fine on the examples shown, the approach may not be applicable to larger datasets
* it requires to store all the data
* it requires the traceability of the marginal likelihood

Despite these limitations, there was a general agreement that this paper offers a novel and useful contribution, and I recommend acceptance. 

As noted by reviewer o4TK, I also think that the title is not very accurate. Bayesian methods naturally allow recursive updates of one's beliefs, and therefore have "memory". Maybe change the title for "Bayes with augmented selective/adaptive memory"?

Generated Summary 210:
This paper proposes a novel approach to improve self-attention through by bridging the attention maps from different layers via a chain of convolution-based prediction modules. In particular, it proposes to augment the existing works on Transformer through supplementary prediction modules by CNN-based attention prediction layers. This paper's main topic is the enhancement of Transformer models for improving performance in a task-independent way. The authors then hypothesize that the performance could be improved by integrating an additional module for estimating attention maps. The experimental results on several different datasets from different domains show that the proposed method consistently improves the performance. Transformer and PA-Transformer has 0.01K FLOPS. Could you explain the difference between the two?
Gold Metareview 210:
Multiple reviewers point out the interesting improvement to mix attention maps at different layers via convolution based prediction modules. This module is sufficient to show improvements only on encoder side while comparing to concurrent work Synthesizer.
However, the novelty of the work is limited as compared to other papers and the results though improved did not convince the reviewers fully to gain a strong accept.


Generated Summary 211:
## Negative - This paper extends RML Mapper with access to Excel data. It represents a solid piece of Java engineering work, although the chosen semantic representation approaches are not optimal. RML Extensions for Excel Sheets - a paper between a system/demo paper and a short research paper. It does not give many insights except for introducing those extensions, nor helps the reader understand which technical hurdles were taken. KG creation tool, not a tool for creating KGs, but a way to create a KG in Excel. This is an interesting contribution for a workshop.
Gold Metareview 211:
The paper presents an extension of the RMLMapper tool to cover Excel features. The three reviewers agreed that the contribution is relevant to the workshop and presents a solid work. Please take into account the comments provided to include them in the camera-ready paper, try to be clear if the work presents a demo or a short research paper.

The recommendation is to accept.

Generated Summary 212:
summary: Weaknesses: ## Strength: 4: You are confident in your assessment, but not absolutely certain, that you did not understand some parts of the submission or that you are unfamiliar with some pieces of related work. This paper theoretically shows that the mean-field equation for a certain family of Boltzmann machines with hidden variables, called the monotone Deep Equilibrium (DEQ) model, can be modeled as the recently proposed monotone
Gold Metareview 212:
This is an interesting contribution to the Boltzmann machine (BM) literature that makes a nice connection to DEQ models. On a positive note, reviewers found that it was well-written, clear, and interesting. Unfortunately, there were significant concerns with the manuscript that were not fully addressed in the revision: inappropriate or incomplete baselines, insufficient credit given to previous works, and the fact that this model is limited as compared to its BM relatives.

I would recommend that the authors take into account the reviewers' feedback in a revision of the work.

Generated Summary 213:
A solid paper, with no major concerns with regard to evaluation, resources, reproducibility, ethical considerations. This paper introduces diffusion processes to generate discrete data by using hitting times as the end of the diffusion process rather than a fixed stopping time. The resulting first hitting diffusion models can be optimized by maximum likelihood, and the learning process is equivalent to matching the drift of the conditioned process. The authors also propose a fast sampling algorithm for the rotational symmetric domain.
Gold Metareview 213:
The paper introduces a new approach for generative modeling: a diffusion process is run until it first hits a target set, and then outputs the first point that is hit. 

Three reviewers generally praised the originality, technical quality, and empirical results of the paper. They found the idea very interesting and novel, and technically sound. The numerical results were judged to be compelling and fair. One concern was clarity of exposition. There seemed to be two issues: (1) there were more typos and rough edges than expected, (2) more significantly, there was some difficulty in following all details of the main method given the notational complexity and significant amount of mathematical background on diffusion processes. Reviewer FUwB gave a number of concrete suggestions for improvement.

Reviewer wpmu had a negative overall opinion and critiqued the originality, quality, and clarity. On these issues: (1) the quality concern was based on a misunderstanding that was later resolved, (2) the originality concern does not seem justified to the meta-reviewer (it is based on a shared technical tool with a not-yet-published paper), and (3) the clarity concern is similar to those raised by other reviewers (especially FUwB). Overall, the meta-reviewer does not feel that the low score (3 = “reject”) was fully justified. 

In summary, overall reviewers found the paper sound and novel, with the main area for improvement being clarity of exposition about diffusion processes; one reviewer considered originality a weakness, but the meta-reviewer did not find this position well justified. 


Generated Summary 214:
This paper proposes a reactive approach to reducing slip by modifying the trajectory rather than the gripping forces. The results show that a proactive approach leads to less overall slip, it would be interesting to discuss if there is ever a case where RSC would be preferable to PSC. Learning a predictive model for preventing slip detection and avoidance in manipulation tasks. They implement two solutions: one a purely reactive method which uses an LSTM to detect slip events triggering the controller to slow it's velocity. The second implementation is also an SLTM but takes in both past data from the tactile sensor and future planned actions from the controller.
Gold Metareview 214:
This paper presents a method for preventing slips in point-to-point motions while grasping an object using LSTM-based models for detecting and predicting slips. This approach is effective when contact force cannot be increased. Reactive and proactive controllers are presented, and the latter demonstrated better performance. 

The paper proposes an interesting approach to slip prevention especially useful for handling delicate objects. The authors successfully addressed most of the concerns raised by the reviewers, while expanding the dataset and examples will be addressed in a future journal paper. Nevertheless, the paper will make a valuable contribution to the conference.

Generated Summary 215:
confidence: 4: Good paper, accept confidence: 2: Good, accept: confidence: 3: Good ,accept: trust: 5: Excellent,accepted: 4 : Good (accept: confidence ) ; accept: trust : 5 : good (accept : 0 ); accept : 3 : very good ( accept: a ) ( ) [ ] ; acceptance: confidence ( a) [ confidence ]
Gold Metareview 215:
This paper introduces AlignKGC, a neural model that performs entity alignment (EA), relation alignment (RA), and knowledge graph completion (KGC) on multilingual knowledge graphs. The model jointly optimizes for the linear combination of losses for all 3 tasks. The authors present a convincing set of experiments to show that each of these tasks helps the other two. The paper is well written and demonstrates strong empirical results on DBLP5L containing 5 languages on all 3 tasks. Results are reproducible as both the code and data are made public. No major concerns after the author's response.

Generated Summary 216:
A good paper, Accept. Rating: 7: Good. --- **Summary of Contributions** This paper analyzes the model of Random features in GNNs as suggested by Sato et.al., in the paper called RNI. A result proving the universality of the RNI framework is introduced, a first of its kind in low tensor degree GNN's. To evaluate the expressiveness of RNI and other more expressive GNN 's, the authors design two datasets wich require 2-WL distinguishing power (which is higher than the ones MPNNs have) **Strengths** Novelty - The universality result on RNI is novel and further extends the hints of improved expressiveness explored by Satou e. - Dataset design - the design of new datasets for expressiveness discrimination are an important contribution to the Random node initial
Gold Metareview 216:
In this paper, the authors show the effect of RNI on the expressive power of GNN for the first time, where the RNI was initially proposed in Sato et al. 2020. Overall, I like the idea of random node initialization because it is simple, effective, and theoretically well-founded. The key concern was that the novelty over the Sato's paper and the reviewers were still not convinced by the response. Therefore, the paper is still below the acceptance threshold.  I strongly encourage authors to revise the paper based on the reviewer's comments and resubmit it to a future venue. 


Generated Summary 217:
This paper presents a nice step back from much of the single unit interpretability literature, highlighting that it is unclear what some of these results mean if the selective units are actually necessary for the task performance. The experimental results (other than the optimization concerns below) seem sound, particularly including the multiple replicates + error bars to verify the experimental findings. Concerns and Suggestions: Class selectivity to interpret CNNs is not an essential component of good performance, in the sense that networks can perform well without showing class selectivity. However, this fact does not demonstrate that class selectiveivity is unimportant to a network trained in the normal way without regularization. It is of course possible that networks trained with different losses could learn different strategies for solving the same task.
Gold Metareview 217:
This paper has received three positive reviews. In general, the reviewers have commented on the importance of the question related to how much selectivity is needed from units of a neural network for good classification -- from both the neuroscience and ML perspectives. The reviewers also commented on the thoroughness of the experiments and the general readability of the paper. This paper should be accepted if possible.

Generated Summary 218:
Rating: 5: Marginally below acceptance threshold confidence: 3: The reviewer is fairly confident that the evaluation is correct - based on the results for both CPU and GPU, the proposed method is an automatic batching strategy that work for dynamic computation graphs. The paper focused on batching summation of gradients on the backward calculation which was performed independently in conventional toolkits, and experiments on 3 LSTM tasks showed that in several settings the suggested method improved the speed of backward computation. The authors use a separately allocated contiguous block of memory that they copy the states and gradients into, which would bring this to O(3T) or O(2T) memory complexity.
Gold Metareview 218:
This paper describes a new batching strategy for more efficient training of deep neural nets. The idea stems from the observation that some operations can only be batched more efficiently in the backward, suggesting that batching should be different between forward and backward. The results show that the proposed method improves upon existing batch strategies across three tasks. The reviewers find the work novel, but note that it does not properly address the trade-offs made by the technique - such as memory consumption. They also argue that the writing should be improved before acceptance at ICLR.

Generated Summary 219:
summary: This paper proposes a few-shot learning method that incorporates semantic features (i.e., class label embeddings) for both support and query samples. Although some existing methods use the semantic features for support samples to improve the performance, no methods use them for query samples to this end, the proposed method regresses the semantic characteristics for the query samples from the support samples. This paper is based on a meta-analysis.
Gold Metareview 219:
This paper proposes a few-shot learning method that learns task-adaptive semantic features that can incorporate for both of the support and query sets. Two approaches for modality combination are developed. The additional experiments in the author response addressed some concerns of the reviewers. However, the technical novelty of the proposed method is high enough since the proposed method uses existing techniques.

Generated Summary 220:
XmixUp is a cross-domain mixup method for deep transfer learning, it is not the same as Seq-Train. It is based on a multi-task learning set up instead of a two phase approach. The main idea of this paper is to compute the one-to-one mapping from source dataset classes to the target dataset classes. I think this idea of having one to one mapping is flawed in principle. For example, let us consider that the source dataset consists of 100 classes which represent different dog breeds. The target dataset has 10 classes representing different cars.
Gold Metareview 220:
All reviewers recommend rejection due to limited novelty and insufficient experimental analysis. The author’s response has addressed several other questions raised by the reviewers, but it was not sufficient to eliminate the main concerns about novelty (as the method is a combination of existing techniques) and missing comparisons to justify the effectiveness of the proposed approach.

Generated Summary 221:
A novel connection between adversarial attack on graph neural networks in a restricted black-box setup via node feature perturbation, and the influence maximization problem under the linear threshold model on the same graph. The authors make simplifying assumptions about the GCN model (all ReLU paths are equally likely) and the distribution of the individual nodes' thresholds, theta_j. The proposed attack outperforms the centrality-based baselines and the baselines of [Ma et al. 2020]
Gold Metareview 221:
This paper relates the problem of influence maximization and adversarial attacks on GCNs. 
The paper, and its formulation and assumptions stirred up quite a discussion among the reviewers and the authors. I do appreciate the thorough rebuttal that the authors provided, and the reviewers did take it into account (and revised their scores). 
However, all in all, I am afraid that there are just a few too many concerns with this paper. 
If the authors take the reviews to heart, they should be able to improve the manuscript and submit a stronger and improved version to the next conference. 

Generated Summary 222:
A novel method to use counterfactual predictions of optimal joint action selection, which guides the Q values of each agent. This paper aims at addressing the estimation error caused by partial observation in value decomposition methods. The proposed method overperforms many baselines including QMIX. The authors claim that their method is SOTA, but the performance of the experiment is puzzling, for example, the performance on smac environment does not look good.
Gold Metareview 222:
After reading the reviews and feedbacks, I lean towards acceptance. A majority of reviewers gave a positive score after the rebuttal period and some concern were answered in the authors response. Specifically authors have shown that the recent baselines they use outperform other baselines and therefore those do not need to be added in the paper, they have also clarified some proofs and some notations. Overall, the reviewers found the method presented interesting, the paper well written and appreciated the comparison to other methods of the literature. Finally, experiments shows interesting results on large scale domains which is a sign that the proposed method could scale up.

Generated Summary 223:
Summary: This paper is an empirical study of the bottlenecks in long-tailed classification. It argues that representation is more critical than classifier itself, and that it is based on data representation rather than on classifiers. Overall, this paper does a good job of demonstrating the effectiveness of intra-class compactness and inter-class separation, as well as the influence of data mixup on long tailed learning.
Gold Metareview 223:
This paper investigates the role of representation learning when the distribution over the feature space has a long tail. The main motivation is to determine how much of the overall learning, in this case, is bottlenecked specifically by representation learning. The main findings are that vanilla learning gives brittle long-tailed representations, harming overall performance. The paper suggests a form of data augmentation to remedy this. Reviewers acknowledge that this investigation is worthwhile. However, many concerns were raised as to whether experiments support the drawn conclusions. A more principled approach to the data augmentation methodology is also needed. The authors address some of these, providing further experiments, but these were not enough to sway reviewers. Since results are fundamentally empirical in nature, this shortcoming indicates that the paper is not ready to share with the community just yet. Stronger experiments with clearer evidence are needed to fully support the thesis of the work.

Generated Summary 224:
Not fully convincing and unclear experimental analysis - low readability due to several typos in the manuscript - unclear improvement wrt the work in Luo et al, 2021 converges towards the same or opposite direction for a multiplicity of 1 (which is the case for common activation functions like tanh, sigmoid, softplus), and that this holds for any multiplicity in the special case of a 1-dimensional hidden layer This paper presents a possible perspective to explain why small initialization can serve as implicit regularization during the initial training stage and provides insights to investigate the nonlinear dynamics of neural networks.
Gold Metareview 224:
*Summary:* Study isolated orientations of weights for networks with small initialization depending on multiplicity of activation functions. 

*Strengths:* 
- Interesting analysis of properties in early stages depending on activations. 

*Weaknesses:* 
- Reviewers found the settings limited. 
- Reviewers found experiments limited.  

*Discussion:*

In response to ejGJ authors reiterate scope of covered cases and submit to consideration that their experiments should be adequate for basic research. Reviewer acknowledges the response, but maintains their assessment (limited scope of theory, limited experiments). KucV found the experimental part limited in scope, the settings unclear (notion of early stage, compatibility with theory), and review of previous works lacking. KucV’s sincerely acknowledged authors for their efforts to address their comments and improving the manuscript, and raised their score, but maintained the experimental analysis is not fully convincing and unclear, and the comparison with prior work insufficient. zuZq also expressed concerns with the experiments and the notions and settings under consideration. They also raised questions about the comparison with standard initialization. Authors made efforts to address zuZq concerns. zuZq acknowledged this but maintained initial position that the article is just marginally above threshold. jDJ5 found the paper well written and the conclusion insightful. However, also raised concerns about the experiments the settings under consideration. Authors made efforts to address jDJ5’s concerns, who appreciated this but was not convinced to raise their score. 

*Conclusion:*  
Two reviewers consider this article marginally above and two more marginally below the acceptance threshold. I find the article draws an interesting connection pertaining an interesting topic. However, the reviews and discussion conclude that the article lacks in several regards that in my view still could and should be improved. Therefore I am recommending reject at this time. I encourage the authors to revise and resubmit.

Generated Summary 225:
### Strength: 4: You are confident in your assessment, but not absolutely certain, that you did not understand some parts of the submission or that you are unfamiliar with some pieces of related work. ### Weakness: 5: This is one of the first papers doing BERT-style pretraining for vision transformers, in particular the first to not use a pre-trained tokenizer (here the (part of) the network that generates the targets for the masked tokens) Self-supervised training of vision transformer models using mask image modeling loss for self-distillation on reconstructed patch tokens.
Gold Metareview 225:
The paper is interesting, and its focus is timely and important, given the continuing rapid rise of transformers (and their dependence of tokenization of images). All three reviewers recommend acceptance, to varying degree. The paper will be a valuable contribution to the program at ICLR.

Generated Summary 226:
Recommendation: Strongly reject this paper if you are not familiar with the InstaHide setting. The overall framework used in the paper deviates from the previous approaches, treats the problem as a question in graph theory, and uses a result due to Whitney. This connection is simple but neat. Rest of the attack is similar to CSZ20 as I understand. The authors provide a tighter sample complexity bound when k_priv = 2, which is nearly-optimal.
Gold Metareview 226:
All reviewers agree that this is a reasonable contribution but that it is also extremely limited in scope. The authors suggest in one of their response that their technique could apply to "any data mixing method with “batched k-sum” structure". Such a larger level of generality might make the paper more interesting, but at the moment it is an extremely niche result.

Generated Summary 227:
3: The reviewer is fairly confident that the evaluation is correct, but it's a good paper, and it has a few flaws. Weaknesses: * constantly referring to "AI/ML" - just pick one * "measurement errors in real economies" (why "economies" all of a sudden? * "Nash equilibrium is not achievable in general." - this is patently false. There is a wealth of recent literature on learning algorithms which stably approach Nash equilibria, see, e.g., https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.00838
Gold Metareview 227:
This paper looks at chaos in learning in games, extending a line of work in two players zero-sum games (that I found quite restrictive in the past). It somehow reduces the class of more general games to zero-sum and cooperative games (this decomposition is already known) so that the techniques can be transposed here.

The paper is interesting, yet sometimes difficult to follow, and I am not certain that it gives many new insights. 

Nonetheless, we believe its quality justify acceptance.

Generated Summary 228:
This paper introduces memUP, a training method that allows to learn long-term dependencies without backpropagating gradients through the entire sequence (unlike RNNs). The method is based on maximizing mutual information between memory states. Then, it is explained how the equations need and can be approximated. This introduces further assumptions leading to possible vulnerabilities to the Noisy-TV problem. This is further simplified to a practical optimization function related to cross-entropy loss that depends on the memory $m$ at a timestep and the model $q$ given the respective input. The experimented sections cover results for basic sequence tasks (copy, scattered copy, permuted MNIST, and add task) while comparing to LSTMs.
Gold Metareview 228:
The reviewers found the ideas presented in the paper interesting -- the use of mutual information to train memory for a model, and the clear presentation. Some questions were raised about demonstrating on a more elaborate set up such as NLP tasks -- the main experiments aside from the toy experiments of copy, etc algorithmic tasks, seem to be on RL experiments, but the method has been advertised more broadly in the motivation. Another reviewer raised the question of the complexity of training multiple networks. Nevertheless, the reviewers found the paper interesting enough to recommend a weak accept and I support that recommendation.

From a reviewers lens, I was a little surprised that the paper made no mention of prior works on maximizing mutual information between features of neural networks to improve results. As an example, see the following paper [1] that uses a mutual information regularizer between states at different steps of a recurrent neural networks. There is also a rich literature of doing so for convolutional neural networks. It would have made sense to compare how the idea in the paper performed in comparison to these methods (and in a sense the ablation study which looked at randomly choosing time steps, k, (regardless of the uncertainty estimator) is an experiment in this direction). I understand that part of the paper deals with the choice of time points to increase mutual information between, and so its probably more efficient than the other alternatives, but a comparison (or discussion in related works) would have made the paper stronger.

[1] Better Long-Range DependencyBy Bootstrapping A Mutual Information Regularizer. https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.11978v1.pdf

Generated Summary 229:
This paper introduces a database with videos of a webcam and gelsight camera output captured when a person probes objects in natural environments with a tactile sensor. It is more diverse than existing databases, and provides multi-modal information, but how these benefits touch and sight association tasks are unclear. The main contribution is the dataset with labels of touching / not touching and different materials, which can be used for visuo-tactile learning problems.
Gold Metareview 229:
Overall, all reviewers see the novelty in the dataset that provides an original new set of tactile data, accounting for a wide range of objects and scene, collected in the wild. The paper is overall well written, clear and easy to follow, and provides a good demonstration of the importance and usefulness of the dataset, going beyond datasets collected by robots in the context of material properties. It also includes initial steps towards benchmarking, although it is not the core contribution of the paper, which lies in the creation of the dataset itself. 

Two reviewers recommend acceptance, two stand marginally below acceptance, and one does recommend rejection. The authors have provided detailed responses to all reviewers’ comments and concerns and updated their manuscript. The main concerns of those reviewers sitting on the fence seem to be answered and limitations acknowledged however the element of bias in the data collection was still considered as a possible concern. Based on my reading and accounting for the authors changes, there approach itself is novel and original and hence provides already a relevant contribution to NeuroIPS; while the authors acknowledge limitations and future work avenues. The one reviewer recommending rejection didn’t engage in the discussion but from my reading of both the paper, the comments, and the authors responses, I believe the main points were addressed by the authors and misunderstandings clarified. Overall, I believe the papers offers a novel, non-existing dataset that can inspire interesting future works; all the dataset is shared and presented clearly for others to use. 


Generated Summary 230:
Positives: Technically solid, moderate-to-high impact paper, with no major concerns with respect to evaluation, resources, reproducibility, ethical considerations. This paper bridges the gap between the idea of a VAEs and its applicability to neuro-symbolic systems that aim at pushing towards next generation systems that combine low level processing and high level reasoning capabilities of Deep Learning and Symbolic methods respectively. To this end, the authors derive a VEE model that internally makes use of Probabilistic Logic Program, alongside all important components such as inference model and training objective. The authors provide an extensive empirical accounts of the proposed model. Acknowledging the difficulty of both investigating but also presenting it, still, the lack of theoretical properties to be characterized for the VAEL is certainly a short coming. Furthermore, aspects like computational complexity the This paper is a solid paper. It shows interesting property where the label from probabil
Gold Metareview 230:
The paper proposes to include a component enforcing logical constraints on top of a variational autoencoder (VAE). The resulting method, VAEL. does so by leveraging ProbLog in addition to a neural encoder and decoder. VAEL is employed for simple generative tasks with constraints over the outputs, such as conditional image generation with MNIST and small Mario levels.

The reviewers have appreciated the direction where VAEL is heading and the importance of integrating constraints in deep generative models. Some concerns are still open. Specifically, the motivation behind some architectural choices (and the specific choice of VAEs as deep generative models) and the small-scale nature of the experiments. The complexity and scaling campabilities of performing symbolic reasoning with ProbLog are not discussed in depth.
 

Generated Summary 231:
Recommender Transformer (RETR) with a novel Pathway Attention mechanism which can generate the behavior pathway hierarchically and capture the evolving patterns dynamically through the pathway. The authors also show RETR has high accuracy and efficiency compared with other self-attention or transformer based sequential recommendation methods. Despite the limitations of the paper, it is a solid paper with high impact on at least one sub-area. a new sequential recommendation model with behavior pathways.
Gold Metareview 231:
This paper presents Recommender Transformer (RETR) with a pathway attention mechanism that can dynamically zeroing-out the interactions (e.g., the trivial/noisy ones) in transformer-based sequential recommender systems. Extensive experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed architecture. 

Overall this paper received mixed reviews with borderline scores. The reviewers raised concerns around baselines and evaluations, some of which the authors promptly addressed in the revision during the rebuttal period. I also read the paper in details myself. I do agree with some of the concerns from the reviewers but I don't think a method needs to beat every other published papers to be published (and I think the current baselines are more than thorough enough). My biggest complaint about the paper is around the writing, specifically, how the proposed idea is presented. 

This paper tries to tackle an important question, which is that in sequential recommendation, not every interactions are useful in helping predict future interaction. The self-attention mechanism in transformer kind of addresses this problem but in a more "softer" fashion with attention weights. This paper presents a simple yet effective method to introduce a pathway mechanism that adaptively zeroing-out some of the interactions via a binary pathway router. In order to train such a model end-to-end, Gumbel-softmax sampling is utilized.

The most important part of the contribution to me is that this is an improvement to the transformer architecture, as opposed to a new model which is what this paper's writing suggests -- the proposed approach is effectively model-agonistic and doesn't marry to a particular loss function or finer-grained architectural choices (number of layers, etc.). Currently there are many baselines in the paper, but each made some different model/architecture choices, which could contribute to the difference in performance (or not, but we wouldn't know). An ideal evaluation should have been to take all the transformer-based baselines that are currently in the paper, add this pathway mechanism without changing anything else, and show that the results improved over the transformer architecture. In this way, we know the improvements are exactly coming from introducing the pathway. The authors might argue some of the current results are already supporting this argument, but my point is to emphasize this point very explicitly rather than leaving it for the readers to infer. 

From what I read in this paper, I truly believe this pathway idea has its potential. Therefore, I would especially want the authors to further refine the presentation to better convey the idea, which in turn will hopefully increase the impact of this paper once it is eventually published. 

Some minor comments:
* The way the paper is currently written seems to suggest there are only three types of pathways and the network is capable of capturing all of them. I am personally not a big of fan of over-interpreting what a neural net is trying to do. Therefore, I wouldn't overly focus on the characterization of different pathways and only show the qualitative examples at the end as a high-level demonstration.
* In Eq 2 "softmax" should really be "sigmoid" if a 0-1 prediction is made there. Then the following line "logit" is probably not the right word here. 
* The qualitative examples at the end (figure 3) can be more carefully examined/labeled. For example, the current categorization is quite ambiguous -- "Indie" refers to the type of developers while "JPG" refers to the genre of the game, they are certainly not mutually exclusive.  

Generated Summary 232:
summary: Recursive Gradient Optimization for Continuous Learning in Neural Networks (Journal of Computer Science, Springer-Verlag, pp. 68-70) is a theoretically very strong method for continual learning in neural networks. It is theoretically designed to prioritise performance on the current task and, among the optimal solutions, find the one that causes least interference with previous tasks - thus it assumes the network is overparameterised.
Gold Metareview 232:
This paper proposes an innovative method for continual learning that modifies the direction of gradients on a new task to minimise forgetting on previous tasks without data replay. The method is mathematically rigorous with a strong theoretical analysis and excellent empirical results across multiple continual learning benchmarks. It is a clear accept. There was good discussion between the reviewers and authors that addressed a number of minor issues, including clarifying that the method has the same computational complexity as backpropagation. The authors are encouraged to make sure that these points are addressed in the final version of the paper.

Generated Summary 233:
This paper proposes a new method, multiple contexts explore that are adversarially trained to maximize the variance of risk. The proposed model is validated on many diverse datasets, Cora, Amazon-Photo, Twitch-explicit, and so on. Weakness: 4: You are confident in your assessment, but not absolutely certain, that you did not understand some parts of the submission or that you are unfamiliar with some pieces of related work.
Gold Metareview 233:
The reviewers have improved their scores after the rebuttal, and I agree that the work has value. It proposes a model-driven data augmentation approach to environment-invariant graph representation. Just like most data augmentation works in graph representation learning, the approach relies on graph proposal generator. The work has an implicit mechanism hidden in the graph generator (the authors' reply to a reviewer that "we target the extrapolation via a new invariant learning approach that is agnostic to specific GNN models" is a misunderstanding of why & how these types of methods work). The submission could significantly improve the introduction by properly describing the work w.r.t. other OOD efforts in graph representation learning. While the tasks of different works may be different (e.g., graph classification vs node classification), it is important to emphasize what each different approach brings to the table (rather than just state that the tasks are different). I hope the authors take this opportunity to improve the introduction. This work is more similar to the former OOD graph representation works than IRM & REX, since (without modeling assumptions) both IRM and REX require the support of the environments in test to be a subset of the ones in training. The present work does not need this support assumption since it uses an implicit mechanism in the graph generator.

The toy example in Section 3.1 is informative, thank you. The theory looks solid and easy to understand. The technical novelty is limited, since once the input graph has been decomposed into a set of ego-graphs the definitions, formulations, and theory are all straightforward adaptations from the respective versions for IID data. 

Minor:
- In Assumption 2, m() should be defined inside the assumption.

Generated Summary 234:
This paper introduces a novel method for finding matching sentences and they also have 4 methods from including this information into an NMT model, with the best approach using multiple sources combined with gated attention and a pointer network for copying rare words. Translation Memories in Neural Machine Translation (NMT): a review and comparison of the three components of the method. ** Clarity ** 1. The idea itself is not novel. Compared to the related work, the novel part of this work is: (i) a new retrieval way, which is not quite clear and convincing to me. (ii) an new way to aggregate multiple inputs (using M-BERT) and several different decoding methods. In experiments, there is no comparison with previous retrieval based methods. [R3]
Gold Metareview 234:
This paper presents a way to use a translation memory (TM) to improve neural machine translation.  Basically the proposed model uses a n-gram retrieve matching sentence （or pieces） and takes advantage of the useful parts using gated attention and copying mechanism.  Although the idea of leveraging TM in the context of NMT is not new,  this work seems to be a fair contribution. My major concerns are the following
1. The retrieval part  is not clearly presented, raising questions about  complexities and the noise brought by the common words. The authors should give a better exposition on the ranking mechanism. 
2. The experiments are not convincing enough since the proposed model is not compared to the SOTA and the competitive models described in the prior work.

In conclusion I would suggest to reject this paper.

Generated Summary 235:
A new loss function for survival analysis based on proper scoring functions to less then penalty wrong predictions that are confident make under the log-loss. The authors introduce an extension of Continuous Ranked Probability Scores to the time-to-event setting termed Survival-CRPS for both right censored and interval-censorized event data. Further, the authors introduce a scale agnostic Survival-AUPRC evaluation metric that is analogous to the precision-recall curve used in classification and information retrieval systems/models.
Gold Metareview 235:
All reviewers agree to reject. While there were many positive points to this work, reviewers believed that it was not yet ready for acceptance.

Generated Summary 236:
Good paper, accept confidence: 4: The reviewer is confident but not absolutely certain that the evaluation is correct This paper introduces two large datasets to understand the human emotions after watching a video. The dataset contains 60,000 videos with human annotations for 27 emotion categories. As population from one diversity can feel completely different from populatio from different diversity. The authors present a large set of datasets that can be applied to a wide range of applications, both in the field of machine learning and in the context of AI research
Gold Metareview 236:
Overall, the paper is capturing a really timely and increasingly important topic. Although the authors mention that they want to make their dataset particularly useful for academics/future research, I believe, that the topic is of great interest for companies, making the raised ethical considerations even more important. A critical reflection upon possibly ‘unintended uses’ can’t be emphasised enough, as well as possible biases in the data. However, I appreciated that the authors have done a fantastic job in their response and strengthening their article. Moreover, all reviewers recognise the utility and relevance of the proposed dataset and the authors did provide satisfactory responses to all raised concerns/comments. I believe this paper will stimulate some interesting and hopefully critical reflections on how to use/or not use the dataset and future improvements to overcome dataset biases. 

Generated Summary 237:
summary: I found the main idea of the paper novel and interesting. I particularly appreciated the theoretical guarantees that come with this model and inference scheme. The experimental section is extensive but could be improved. Addressing the following comments could help clarify the benefits and contributions of the proposed approach: Several statements in the paper are not well-justified by references, e.g. on KDE in the introduction. More details should be added on how GAM approximates the Kolmogorov-Arnold representation and how well it performs. For example, 'based on the K-A representation theorem, GAM are able to learn the intensity of the higher-order interaction between Poisson processes'
Gold Metareview 237:
The paper proposes a novel approach for estimating the high-dimensional intensity function of a Poisson process. The proposed approach builds on generalized additive models, using lower-dimensional projections. 

The reviewers noted that, although the paper is well written, the position of this paper compared to earlier related work is unclear, and the empirical evaluation of the method should be strenghtened. The authors clarified some points in their response, but the paper would still require some more modifications to be ready for publication. I therefore recommend this paper to be rejected.

Generated Summary 238:
A: A: B: C: D: B-B-C-D-A-B: A-C: C-D: B+C: D-B+C-B/C: B/C-C/D: C/D-D/A-C+D/B-A+C+B-D+C/B+D-C /D+D+A-A/C+C
Gold Metareview 238:
This paper received mostly positive reviews. The reviewers praised the strong performance when compared with previous work.
Also, the evaluation clearly shows the benefit of the proposed contributions in terms of performance.
Most concerns raised by reviewers were properly addressed in the rebuttal.

Lack of comparison to several previous works has been noted in a comment, but the authors clarified this concern, stating that the current work is a “large deviation from prior works”. The authors promised to include the missing references into the comparison.

Given the reviews, comments, and author's answers, I suggest acceptance.

Generated Summary 239:
This paper provides substantial experimental evidence that the attack method is effective in terms of: 1. Demonstrating the attack on a variety of datasets (MNIST, CIFAR10, GTSRB) 2. Ablation Studies (Role of Noise Mode) was presented with more supporting evidence (e.g., some figures missing their x-axes/y-axis labels as in Fig 6b). 3. More datasets and/or various classifier architectures (Table 1)
Gold Metareview 239:
The paper presents a new method for generation of backdoor attacks against deep networks. The new method uses global warping instead of noise patches which makes the attack much more stealthy than previous approaches. The attack effectiveness is demonstrated on 3 benchmark datasets. A small user study is carried out to demonstrate that the attack is stealthier than conventional backdoor attacks. 

The new attack is a novel and original contribution which is likely to advance the understanding of backdoor attacks. There were some issues with respect to clarity in the original manuscript but the authors adequately addressed the critical remarks raised by the reviewers. 

Generated Summary 240:
This paper is a complete solution to the cascading-bandits problem for $Kleq L/4$ with a constant $C>1$. The main strength of this paper is the complete resolution of cascadding bandits, at least for $L/Kgeq C$. This paper was developed by UCB-based approach to a problem where the decision maker must choose an ordered list of $K$ distinct items (from a universe of $L geqslant K$ items) at each round $tinleftlbrace 1,...,n rightrbrace$ to display to users arriving sequentially. Each item in the universe has a latent attraction probability; users are homogeneous, scan the ordered list displayed to them in a fixed order (left-to-right), and click on the first item that attracts them (including the one that was ultimately clicked upon). The decision maker
Gold Metareview 240:
All the reviewers were generally happy with this paper. There were some comments about a better experimental section and maybe a better discussion of results and extensions (e.g. gap-dependent bounds, what happens in the K->L regime), but everyone felt that the manuscript as written was solid enough to merit acceptance. I encourage the authors to incorporate the discussions on these points in the final manuscript.






Generated Summary 241:
[Strengths] - The proposed method is the first one that unified "core" computer vision approaches into a sequence and shows it can achieve state-of-the-art performance on 4 of the benchmark compared to existing classical methods. This has a huge impact on computer vision and unified-model communities, as the diverse nature of the computer vision tasks leads to diverse architecture designs, and the proposed model unifies/simplifies the design of the decoder. [Weaknesses] ### The work seems to be incremental and just adding more tasks on top of previous work of pix2seq[6].
Gold Metareview 241:
Four reviewers provided reviews for this submission. Several reviewers felt that the idea to unify core vision tasks into a sequential output format is interesting and an entirely new approach and can have a large impact on how we train vision models in the future. There were a few concerns discussed between reviewers and authors. One concern was the comparison to past works that pre-trained on ImageNet vs the proposed model that was pre-trained on Objects365. The second concern was differentiating this work with Pix2Seq. In my opinion, the authors were able to answer both questions well. Overall, given the positive reviews, novelty of the work, potential to cause a significant shift in the approach of future modeling and discussion, I recommend acceptance. 


Generated Summary 242:
This paper proposes a method to improve adversarial robustness of the current convolutional networks. The method is based on dropping outputs of a fraction of neurons. However, unlike in dropout the masks are kept fixed throughout training/inference and applied to the bottom layers of the network. This paper provides a simple yet novel method to force CNNs from learning texture-based features. The authors have conducted experiments on synthetically altered images to show that the defective convolution indeed tends to learn less from texture while more putting more emphasis on edges.
Gold Metareview 242:
The paper presents a method to make CNN focus more on structure rather than texture by constraining a random set of neurons per feature map to have constant activation. 
The paper has limited novelty and unclear analysis of the experimental results, for instance plots of accuracy vs strength of adversarial perturbation should be produced. Tables are not readable and results tend to be cluttered and confusing.  Some comparisons seem to be cherry picked as pointed out by some reviewers.
Although the approach seems to be well received by the reviewers they all shared similar concerns about having a stronger motivation and better validation of the approach (that is not amount of comparisons but the right comparisons that would clear doubts and make the work directly comparable to others).
I strongly encourage the authors to perform a deeper analysis and to clearly work on hypothesis and validation of their work. In my opinion, although the reviewers think different, the experiments are not sufficient to validate the strong claim of the paper.

Generated Summary 243:
summary: Confidence: 4: You are confident in your assessment, but not absolutely certain, that you did not understand some parts of the submission or that you are unfamiliar with some pieces of related work. The core contribution of the paper is to show how a nonlinear diffusion model may be constructed by cascading a normalizing flow with a linear diffusion in the resulting latent domain. For theoretical correctness, I have briefly checked the derivation, which seems to be correct. However, I am still a bit confused about some of the notations, which I will elaborate on later.
Gold Metareview 243:
This paper presents a simple approach called PDM for composing non-linear and complex normalizing flows with score-based generative models. Since score-based models can be considered as a special form of continuous-time normalizing flows, PDM corresponds to a composition of different classes of normalizing flows. 

Pros: 
* Combining generic normalizing flows with score-based models is an interesting direction as they have different characteristics and can be complementary to each other.
* Using Ito's lemma to show that the model learns a non-linear SDE in data space is valuable. 
* The authors show that the variational gap can be reduced using normalizing flows.

Cons: 
* The proposed method does not exhibit a clear advantage compared to the diffusion baseline without the normalizing flow component. On the CIFAR10 dataset, the best NLL and FID results are obtained by the diffusion baseline.

* Theorem 2 makes a very unrealistic assumption that a flow network is flexible enough to transform $p_r$ to any arbitrary distribution. If this holds, we wouldn't need the score-based generation model anymore. We could simply train the normalizing flow to map the input data distribution to a Normal distribution.

* This submission chooses to discuss differences with the recent LSGM framework. However, in doing so, several inaccurate claims are made. The lack of inference data diffusion in LSGM is mentioned as one of its drawbacks. However, it is not clear what is the value of having such a mechanism and what implications it may have on the expressivity of the model. Note that mapping from data space to latent space in VAEs can be considered as a stochastic inversion rather than an exact inversion. Ito's lemma does not require invertibility and it can be easily applied to the forward and generative diffusion in LSGM. The authors argue that applying it to the forward diffusion in LSGM will result in $\hat{p_{r}}\ne p_{r}$. But, $\hat{p_{r}}$ would be only considered for visualization of the forward diffusion and it is not used for training or any other purposes. LSGM, the proposed PDM, and score-based models are all trained with a reweighting of ELBO (see [here](https://arxiv.org/abs/2106.02808)). It is not clear if the drawback mentioned above has an impact on the training or expressivity of the model.

* The presentation in the paper requires improvement. The motivation on why invertibility plays a key role is not clear beyond generating the visualization in Figure 2. 

In summary, the paper proposes an interesting idea and explores directions very relevant to the current focus in generative learning. However, given the concerns above, we don't believe that the paper in its current form is ready for presentation at ICLR.

Generated Summary 244:
## Strengths: Technically solid, moderate-to-high impact paper, with no major concerns with respect to evaluation, resources, reproducibility, ethical considerations. ## Weaknesses: Overall Rating: 6: Acceptable ## Strongest: A method, based on Smith normal form, to construct Gaussian processes indexed by R such that they satisfy a specified differential equation. Confidence: 4
Gold Metareview 244:
The reviewers found this paper novel, significant for the community, and well written. All four reviewers recommended accepting the paper. I also appreciated the numerous illustrative examples in the paper. You addressed many of the remaining questions/concerns in your rebuttal and in the author-reviewer discussion. Please, go through the reviews once more for the camera-ready and take these into account.

Generated Summary 245:
Rating: 7: Good paper, accept confidence: 3: The reviewer is fairly confident that the evaluation is correct. The main contribution is a combination of asynchronous processing and stochastic activation of blocks in a distributed computing environment. To my knowledge (I am not an expert of this particular area of optimization), the contribution is new and solid. The framework is general, since the regularization/denoising operator is any nonexpansive operator; but focusing on the PnP/RED framework is ...
Gold Metareview 245:
The reviewers agree that this paper overcomes a number of difficult algorithmic and technical challenges in parallelizing the RED method for image reconstruction.  

Generated Summary 246:
Rating: 5: Borderline accept: Technically solid paper, with no major concerns with respect to evaluation, resources, reproducibility, ethical considerations. This paper aims to the heavy performance drop that takes place in the large batch training regime for object detection and segmentation. Specifically, the authors propose an algorithm named Adaptive Gradient Variance Modulator (AGVM) that is able to work with different deep learning backbones (e.g., CNNs and Transformers) and different optimization methods on MS COCO and ADE20K, which verify the superiority of the proposed method.
Gold Metareview 246:
The authors describe a new method of large-batch optimisation for dense prediction computer vision tasks. The reviewers appreciate the simplicity of the method, convincing experiments and the potential practical importance. AC recommends acceptance.

Generated Summary 247:
This is a very weak paper. The authors have addressed a number of the problems identified by the reviewers. I am overall in favour of acceptance at this point if the list of issues mentioned next are addressed for the camera ready: 1. The addition of past work was not well integrated. 2. The inclusion of Duncan & Humphreys [18] has implications about the study for creating the model (choice of distractors), but are not really discussed (although many more references were mentioned by reviewers and do not seem to be added).
Gold Metareview 247:
The reviewers found that the article tackles of problem of relevance in formation visualisation, and that the studies bring relevant insights to the community. They nonetheless highlight of number of problems remaining in the article that should be addressed before being published.

1. Clarify the presentation of the study conditions (all reviewers).
2. Better integrate of the literature in relation to the problem tackled in the article, both in the related work section (R1) *and* in the discussion (R2).
3. Clarify the visualizations used in study 2 (all reviewers).
4. Expand on the limitations of the experiments and their analysis (R2)
5. Reflect and contextualise of the results may apply in the wild (R3)


Generated Summary 248:
summary: rating: 6: Marginally above acceptance threshold confidence: 5: The reviewer is absolutely certain that the evaluation is correct and very familiar with the relevant literature 1. The paper proposed one novel task, namely he video text visual question answering. 2. One dataset is created with annotated questions as well as answers. 3. One benchmark method is also proposed. My main concerns are the create dataset, especially the collected questions and answers. 1. According to the statistic and analysis results in Page 5, the lengths of the majority question and answers are under 14 and 10 and the average lengths are 6.75 and 1.94. It seems that the questions as demonstrated in Figure 2 is very simple with a very simple format ,namely “waht is XXXx”, and the answers are also very simple ,such as “yes”, “no”, and so on. In such a situation, the vqa task becomes very simple, which only
Gold Metareview 248:
The paper presents a new video text VQA dataset, along a new baseline. The reviewers’s key concerns are around the size and difficulty of the dataset; the authors successfully address those during the discussion and revision period. The dataset is likely to be of interest to the community and was non-trivial to construct. 

Generated Summary 249:
This paper presents an approach to refining a translation system with grounding (in addition to LM scores) in the loop to manage linguistic drift. PG+LM+G and Fr->En->De) and how robust your results are to hyperparameter settings (especially PG-LM+GM). I’m not sure what the authors are trying to do, but I can imagine some potential goals. 
Gold Metareview 249:
This paper proposes a method to resolve "language drift," where a pre-trained X->language model trained in an X->language->Y pipeline drifts away from being natural language. In particular, it proposes to add an auxiliary training objective that performs grounding with multimodal input to fix this problem. Results are good on a task where translation is done between two languages.

The main concern that was raised with this paper by most of the reviewers is the validity of the proposed task itself. Even after extensive discussion with the authors, it is not clear that there is a very convincing scenario where we both have a pre-trained X->language, care about the intermediate results, and have some sort of grounded input to fix this drift. While I do understand the MT task is supposed to be a testbed for the true objective, it feel it is necessary to additionally have one convincing use case where this is a real problem and not just the artificially contrived. This use case could either be of practical use (e.g. potentially useful in an application), or of interest from the point of view of cognitive plausibility (e.g. similar to how children actually learn, and inspired by cognitive science literature).

A concern that offshoots from this is that because the underlying idea is compelling (some sort of grounding to inform language learning), a paper at a high-profile conference such as ICLR may help re-popularize this line of research, which has been a niche for a while. Normally I would say this is definitely a good thing; I think considering grounding in language learning is definitely an important research direction, and have been a fan of this line of work since reading Roy's seminal work on it from 15 years ago. However, if the task used in this paper, which is of questionable value and reality, becomes the benchmark for this line of work I think this might lead other follow-up work in the wrong direction.  I feel that this is a critical issue, and the paper will be much stronger after a more realistic task setting is added.

Thus, I am not recommending acceptance at this time, but would definitely like the authors to think hard and carefully about a good and realistic benchmark for the task, and follow up with a revised version of the paper in the future.

Generated Summary 250:
This paper is well written and easy to follow. The core ideas are well written. The proposed framework of leveraging the information from 2D images to improve 3D semantic segmentation under weak supervision is interesting. 3D Weakly Supervised Semantic Segmentation with Perspective Projection Matrix and SOTA Performance on the ScanNetV2 and S3DIS datasets. occlusion handling seems to be crucial when projecting 3D features / CAM?
Gold Metareview 250:
The paper proposes two constraints, transferring the knowledge from 2D domain to 3D domain and vice versa, to do weakly supervised semantic segmentation in 2D and 3D.  During inference the model doesn't require paired data.

The paper is clearly written, and explains how the 3D geometrical information complements the redundant dense 2D information.  The reviewers mention limited experiments.  However, the ablations are thorough, and show significant improvement over SotA performance.  

The authors addressed the reviewers' comments during the rebuttal.  The reviewers agree that the benefits of the proposal outweigh its flaws.

I recommend the paper for publication.

Generated Summary 251:
This paper addresses the problem of neural network single-shot structured-based model pruning. A key challenge for global saliency-based structured model pruning is to find a good objective that can be efficiently calculated to make the approach scalable to various modern convolutional neural networks. The main contributions of this work are the proposed 2nd-order structured pruning (SOSP), which considers the correlation information among the structures and layers when conducting network pruning. The idea of this paper is very clear, and I kinda like the discussion part of it. The expand-pruning is also interesting. For the SOSP-H, it assumes the pruning ratios should be high and then the approximation would be held.
Gold Metareview 251:
Four reviewers have evaluated this submission with one score 6 and three scores 8. Overall, reviewers like the work and note that *a rigorous and principled approach is taken by this work*. AC agrees and advocates an accept.

Generated Summary 252:
A review of a recent paper on the use of 4D CTA data for estimating follow-up lesion. A discussion of the limitations of the proposed method. A description of the model size and the number of parameter parameters. The reviewer is fairly confident that the evaluation is correct. The clinical challenge is relevant, and described very solidly. Estimating outcomes directly from CTP without the need of computing perfusion maps is novel and extremely useful if and when it works. The reported DSC values seem very low (the highest is 0.33). This to me looks like a model that fails. However I acknowledge that for the specific application here this may not necfessarily be the case, but then authors need to explain what a DSC of 0.3 shows. Further, since they are providing example images in Fig. 2, what is the DSC for those images?
Gold Metareview 252:
While the reviewers raised some concerns about the experimental results, I agree with the overall sentiment that this paper proposes a promising temporal convolutional network for segmentation in 4D CTP data. The authors may want to consider updating the title of the paper as the "outcome prediction" term seems to be a source of common confusion.

Generated Summary 253:
Summary: This paper extends the recent online boosting technique to the RL setting. The authors provide an algorithm that improves the accuracy of the weak learners iteratively, and the sample complexity and running time do not explicitly depend on the number of states. In order to overcome the non-convexity of the value function (with respect to the policy space), the authors use a variant of the Frank-Wolfe method together with recent advances in gradient boosting.
Gold Metareview 253:
The paper proposes a boosting algorithm for RL based on online boosting. The main advantage of the result is that the sample complexity does not explicitly depend on number of states. Post rebuttal, some of the reviewers have changed their opinion on the paper. However, overall the reviewers still seem to be on the fence about this paper. Seems like the paper combines the techniques from Hazan Singh’21 along with a frank-wolfe algorithm to deal with non-convex sets but the reviewers seem to view this as not as significant a new contribution. 

I see the paper as being interesting but do agree with some of the comments of the reviewers and am leaning to a reject.

Generated Summary 254:
FasterRisk is a solid paper, with no major concerns with respect to evaluation, resources, reproducibility, ethical considerations. The authors describe an interesting method for quickly identifying risk scores in a diverse range of settings. The main improvement seems to be speed (which wasn’t very well quantified with respect [...] AUC can assess the model discriminant ability, i.e., the probability of a positive case is bigger than that of the negative case, but may be more intuitive and detailed. ...
Gold Metareview 254:
Thank you for submitting your paper to NeurIPS! This paper makes a valuable contribution to the scoring model literature, providing a fast and scalable algorithm to derive sparse risk scores. The reviewers uniformly appreciated the methodological approach (integrating beam search with logistic regression, diverse feature selection, and star search for choosing integer coefficients), and noted that the stand-alone Python implementation is also advantageous over competitors that rely on mathematical programming solvers. I am pleased to recommend acceptance of this practically relevant work.

Generated Summary 255:
Confidence: 4: The reviewer is confident but not absolutely certain that the evaluation is correct The medical argument is convincing. The problem is interesting since it requires to account for intensity and geometry at the same time. Even though CNNs are used, the innovation is mostly in the post-processing stage. Furthermore, this stage is not evaluated: Two lines missing in Table 1 with the performance to segment PV/D-WMH after the separation based on connected component analysis. The process that separately segments PV-D and then merges the results is intriguing and the author should assess the significance of the difference between the various models in Table 1.
Gold Metareview 255:
all reviewers agree that the weaknesses of this work outweigh the few positive aspects and thus the paper cannot accepted in the current form. No rebuttal or revision was provided.

Generated Summary 256:
This paper studies a very practical problem called semantic type detection. The problem is fundamental to tabular data that consists of columns and headers. Given the widespread adoption of Tabular data in database systems, the paper has the potential to benefit extensive applications. DCOM adopts deep neural networks to process raw text tokens directly instead of relying on feature engineering. Also, DcoM achieves satisfactory performance that hits a support-weighted F1 as high as 0.925.
Gold Metareview 256:
The paper studies semantic type detection.
 The problem is of practical significance to  i  tabular data.
 However, in its current form, there are concerns about  the scope of novelty and technical significance.

Generated Summary 257:
A method to incorporate Successor Features in continuous state and action spaces. It proposes an actor-critic architecture (a variation of the Soft Actor-Critic method) that learns disentanglement with two independent modules: one for the dynamics $phi$ (fed by the current state, action, and next state) and one for a task representation $boldsymbolw ($fed by task-specific information, such as the goal).
Gold Metareview 257:
The paper presents an actor critic type of method consisting of two types of features -- dynamics and tasks, in the multi-task continuous control setting. While the topic of the research is interesting and relevant to ICLR, the reviewers have concerns with the novelty and technical significance of the work. Specifically, the proposed method is very similar to several other works leading to an incremental novelty. In addition, the method is evaluated only on simple environments. The concerns remain after the discussion period. 

In the next version of the manuscript, the authors are encouraged to pursue more difficult settings and modify the method to work on those problems. That would make the paper stronger, and lead to a more novel method evaluated on harder problems.

Generated Summary 258:
Convergence analysis of a proximal gradient descent ascent (GDA) method for nonconvex strongly concave functions. The authors provide a novel Lyapunov function and analyzed the convergence using KL-parametricized local geometry. This is the first variable convergence result in nonconvéx minmax optimization and can potentially used to study other similar works. This paper is very clear, concise and neatly written (almost free of typos). The related material are referenced and well-discussed in the paper. Proximal-GDA converges to a single critical point under the general KL geometry.
Gold Metareview 258:
The paper studies nonconvex-strongly concave min-max optimization using  proximal gradient descent-ascent (GDA), assuming Kurdyka-Łojasiewicz (KŁ) condition holds. The main contribution is a novel Lyapunov function, which leads to a clean analysis. The main downsides of the paper as discussed by the reviewers are the lack of experiments and somewhat stringent assumptions needed in the analysis. Nevertheless, the paper was overall viewed favorably by the reviewers, who considered it a worthwhile contribution to the area min-max optimization.  

Generated Summary 259:
This paper has a clear motivation, i.e., to use ground depth cues to assist the depth estimation of 3D objects. The motivation is good. The ground depth is more reliable in the Mono3D task than other geometry clues. The experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed components. And the method achieves SOTA results on the KITTI leaderboard. Positives: The paper is clear and rigorous, although there are some points that require clarification.
Gold Metareview 259:
The paper received positive leaning reviews (2x borderline accept, 1x weak accept, 1x accept). The meta-reviewer agrees with the reviewers' assessment of the paper.

Generated Summary 260:
Weaknesses: The abstract asserts that you show that your model can benefit downstream tasks such as review comprehension, but you do not directly show this. If you make this claim, you should provide an experiment showing improvement on this task by incorporating your graph. The authors propose a method to automatically build a Knowledge Base of opinions and implications between them. The KB is realized as a directed graph where nodes correspond to opinions in a canonical form (modifier, aspect), and edges indicate implications. It is built by factorizing a matrix of item-opinion frequencies, and finding the top k neighbors of an opinion.
Gold Metareview 260:
This paper addresses the task of unsupervised knowledge base construction. The reviewers like that the authors present a novel unsupervised approach, and are happy with the thorough experiments. However, they also point out that the approach could be motivated better, and that it makes many assumptions that are not explained properly.  We recommend acceptance but nudge the authors to consider the reviewer suggestions.

Generated Summary 261:
[http://www.espn.org/evaluation/index.php?id=0] (https://esperanto.edu/estudy/views/all.html ) [https: // / / ||||] ( http://espin.ac.uk/es/eps/articles/view/all_papers.aspx] ( https://doi.org/10.1016/j.cepsn.0.0/]) [ http://abs.stanford.ec.ca/publications/article/view/5/view-5.html] [ https://web.esperano.com/website/view/6/view-all-papers-all/view-4.html]. [http: ////esperance/view/4.html. html]
Gold Metareview 261:
although the idea is a straightforward extension of the usual (flat) attention mechanism (which is positive), it does show some improvement in a series of experiments done in this submission. the reviewers however found the experimental results to be rather weak and believe that there may be other problems in which the proposed attention mechanism could be better utilized, despite the authors' effort at improving the result further during the rebuttal period. this may be due to a less-than-desirable form the initial submission was in, and when the new version with perhaps a new set of more convincing experiments is reviewed elsewhere, it may be received with a more positive attitude from the reviewers.

Generated Summary 262:
Overall, this paper is a well-done study. Language modeling outperforms translation as a syntactic transfer learning task, and randomly-initializing an encoder achieves decent performance when given a large amount of labeled data for the tagging task Rating: 6 - Marginally above acceptance threshold. Confidence: 4 - The reviewer is confident but not absolutely certain that the evaluation is correct - Language models are very effective on sequence
Gold Metareview 262:
Strengths:  

-- Solid experiments 
-- The paper is well written

Weaknesses:

-- The findings are not entirely novel and not so surprising, previous papers (e.g., Brevlins et al (ACL 2018)) have already 
suggested that LM objectives are preferable and also using LM objective for pretraining is already the  standard practice (see details in R1 and R3). 

There is a consensus between the two reviewers who provided detailed comments and engaged in discussion with the authors.  

Generated Summary 263:
Local convergence of gradient descent dynamics in GANs under strong technical assumptions is stable for t-GDA with a large enough timescale separation if and only if it is a local Stackelberg equilibria. This result is quite intuitive since a similar result has been proved by Jin et al. 2020. (the timescale had to go to infinity). Though, proving such a result for a *finite* time scale separation.
Gold Metareview 263:
This paper treats the problem of running gradient descent-ascent (GDA) in min-max games with a different step-size for the two players. Earlier work by Jin et al. has shown that, when the ratio of the step-sizes is large enough, the stable fixed points of GDA coincide with the game's strict local min-max equilibria. The main contribution of this paper is an explicit characterization of a threshold value $\tau^*$ of this ratio as the maximum eigenvalue of a specific matrix that involves the second derivatives of the game's min-max objective at each (strict local) equilibrium.

This paper generated a fairly intense discussion, and the reviewers showed extraordinary diligence in assessing the authors' work. Specifically, the reviewers raised a fair number of concerns concerning the initial write-up of the paper, but these concerns were mostly addressed by the authors in their revision and replies. As a result, all reviewers are now in favor of acceptance.

After my own reading of both versions of the paper and the corresponding discussion, I concur with the reviewers' view and I am recommending acceptance subject to the following revisions for the final version of the paper:
1. Follow the explicit recommendations of AnonReviewer3 regarding the numerical simulations (or, failing that, remove them altogether). [The authors' phrase that "The theory we provide also does not strictly apply to using RMSprop" does not suffice in this regard]
2. Avoid vague statements like $\tau \to \infty$ in the introduction regarding the work of Jin et al. and state precisely their contributions in this context. In the current version of the paper, a version of this is done in page 4, but the introduction is painting a different picture, so this discussion should be transferred there.
3. A persisting concern is that the authors' characterization of $\tau^*$ cannot inform a practical choice of step-size scaling (because the value of $\tau^*$ derived by the authors depends on quantities that cannot be known to the optimizer). Neither the reviewers nor myself were particularly convinced by the authors' reply on this point. However, this can also be seen as an "equilibrium refinement" result, i.e., for a given value of $\tau$ only certain equilibria can be stable. I believe this can be of interest to the community, even though the authors' characterization cannot directly inform the choice of $\gamma_1$ and $\gamma_2$ (or their ratio).

Modulo the above remarks (which the authors should incorporate in their paper), I am recommending acceptance.

Generated Summary 264:
A new framework to describe and understand the dynamics of RNNs inspired by quantum physics. This paper does not present or support its claims in a clear fashion, making it difficult to judge the merit of its claims. Given the nuance required for its claims, a more robust Background section in the front that contextualizes the current work in terms of machine learning nomenclature and prior work could dramatically improve reader comprehension. Rating: 3 stars Confidence: 2
Gold Metareview 264:
although the way in which the authors characterize existing rnn variants and how they derive a new type of rnn are interesting, the submission lacks justification (either empirical or theoretical) that supports whether and how the proposed rnn's behave in a "learning" setting different from the existing rnn variants.

Generated Summary 265:
Confidence: 5: The reviewer is absolutely certain that the evaluation is correct and very familiar with the relevant literature - Tiling over whole slide images (using small patches), which is applied before most deep learning models, is considered explicitly in this method to adopt the optimal transport to histopathology slides The paper is well written and is mostly easy to follow. However, there are a number of problems with the paper's description of the data used and the number of slides per task and patches extracted. confidence: 4: The author is confident, but not absolutely certain he/she is correct.
Gold Metareview 265:
All reviewers agree that the paper has value and proposed a fairly novel idea.
This method is solely applied to digital pathology images and deserves future work, but it is interesting for the MIDL community.

Generated Summary 266:
The paper provides a uniform generalization bound for overparameterized neural networks by assuming that the target function resides in the reproducing kernel Hilbert spaces generated by Neural Tangent (NT) kernels associated with general ReLU activation functions. The idea of the proof is to rely on a recent result from [1] which bounds the aymptotics of an arbitrary rotationally invariant kernel based on smoothness and end-point asymptotic properties of the kernel written as a function from $[-1,1]$ to $mathbbR[1].
Gold Metareview 266:
The paper provides a uniform generalization bound for overparameterized neural networks using the notion of maximal information gain. The analysis relies on the eigendecay of the eigenvalues of the NTK, which has recently been the object of a lot of work in the literature, including the work of Bietti and Bach (the proof actually uses one of their key lemma).

The paper originally received a set of reviews with a large disagreement between the reviewers (including two reviewers with a negative opinion and three reviewers being more positive). After the discussion period, two reviewers kept a very negative opinion, while other reviewers slightly lowered their score. Some of the problems raised by the reviewers include the restrictions imposed on the data, a missing proof (which was eventually added by the authors), the discussion of prior work being inadequate (including for instance the differences with more classical generalization bounds), and the novelty of the analysis.

Overall, the paper clearly has some merits but some of the concerns above are too important at this stage to accept the paper. I recommend the authors address the concerns mentioned in the reviews before re-submission.

Generated Summary 267:
### Strengths - This paper extends the Strong Lottery Ticket Hypothesis to binary networks and proposed a new method to obtain compact binary networks with better robustness. The proposed method consists of three main parts: a) adaptively pruning different network layers; b) an effective binary initialization scheme; and c) adding the last batch normalization layer. #### Weakness - A solid paper, with high impact on at least one sub-area, with good-to-excellent evaluation, resources, reproducibility, and no unaddressed ethical considerations. This paper presents a method for searching binary randomly initialized networks to generate pruned and robust models.
Gold Metareview 267:
The reviewers agree the paper studies an interesting problem on training robust binary neural networks and the paper does a good job in evaluating the proposed approach on multiple datasets and compares well with baselines. However the paper also has some drawbacks such as the proposed method has limited novelty and is a combination of existing techniques, missing comparisons to standard training based approaches, evaluations limited to ResNets.  Overall the paper is on borderline. I suggest acceptance and encourage the authors to include all the changes that came up during discussion in the final version and discuss the limitations.

Generated Summary 268:
A novel information bottleneck technique for GLUE tasks. It is a very sophisticated way of avoiding overfitting especially when the data size is limited, and it might have an impact of broader application when exploiting pre-trained models. The authors apply the Deep Variational Information Bottleneck (DVIB) to a NLP setting, using pretrained BERT as a fixed part of the encoder and fine-tune subsequent MLP layers as well as an MLP decoder.
Gold Metareview 268:
The paper shows the success of a relatively simple idea -- fine tune a pretrained BERT Model using Variational Information Bottleneck method of Alemi to improve transfer learning in low resource scenarios.

I agree with the reviewers that novelty is low -- one would like to use any applicable method for controlling overfitting when doing transfer learning, and of the suite of good candidates, VIB is an obvious one -- but at the same time, I'm moved by the results because of: the improvements and the success on a wide range of tasks and the surprising success of VIB over other alternatives like dropout etc, and hence I'm breaking the tie in the reviews by supporting acceptance.  Its a nice trick that the community could use, if the results of the paper are an indication of its potential.

Generated Summary 269:
[1] [2] [3] [4] [5] [6] This paper has provided an excellent motivation of their work in Sections 1 & 2 with references being made to human behaviors and heuristics, though the authors can choose a more realistic running example that is less extreme than making orthogonal decisions/actions. The authors have proposed to learn planners from demonstrations in multiple tasks via value iteration networks to learn the reward functions.
Gold Metareview 269:
The authors study an inverse reinforcement learning problem where the goal is to infer an underlying reward function from demonstration with bias.  To achieve this, the authors learn the planners and the reward functions from demonstrations. As this is in general impossible, the authors consider two special cases in which either the reward function is observed on a subset of tasks or in which the observations are assumed to be close to optimal. They propose algorithms for both cases and evaluate these in basic experiments. The problem considered is important and challenging. One issue is that in order to make progress the authors need to make strong and restrictive assumptions (e.g., assumption 3, the well-suited inductive bias). It is not clear if the assumptions made are reasonable. Experimentally, it would be important to see how results change if the model for the planner changes and to evaluate what the inferred biases would be. Overall, there is consensus among the reviewers that the paper is interesting but not ready for publication.


Generated Summary 270:
This paper proposes a distribution shift benchmark for unsupervised anomaly detection. The dataset is built over a network traffic data Kyoto-2006+ and the test data is split into three distributions IID, NEAR, and FAR chronologically. Some analyses based on t-SNE visualization, Jeffreys divergence, and Optimal Transport Dataset Distance are performed to show the inherent shift of Kyoto 2006+ over time. Furthermore, it conducts experiments on this dataset with some classic anomaly detector methods and a Bert-based model to check the impact of the proposed benchmark.
Gold Metareview 270:
Four out of five reviewers recommend acceptance of the paper with a score of 7. These reviewers praise the quality and importance of the dataset. Moreover, all reviewers acknowledge the quality of the writing.

The authors have constructively engaged into the discussion with the reviewers, and have put a lot of effort into drastically improving their submission based on all reviewers' comments. The weaknesses raised by the reviewers have been successfully addressed.

In particular, the reviewer (dm8f) who gave a score of 4 raised the following concerns:

1. There exist other time series anomaly detection datasets.
2. More anomaly detection methods should be considered in the experiments. 
3. The finetune mode and distillation mode are not detailed, their pseudocodes should be provided.

The authors have addressed these concerns as follows:

1. In their answer, the authors went through an extensive list of existing benchmarks and justified why they are not appropriate to solve their focused problem, and how their dataset differ from those. The main added value of the proposed dataset is its timespan and the fact that its occurring distribution shifts are natural (as opposed to synthesized).
2. The authors have expanded their experiments with more anomaly detection models. The new results corroborate the previous conclusions.
3. The authors have added the pseudocode algorithm in Appendix and have added code to replicate their experiments in the git repository.

I believe that the authors have sufficiently addressed the reviewer's concerns (and more).

For these reasons, I recommend acceptance of the paper.

Generated Summary 271:
The idea is simple, yet it leads to significantly more robust networks. The authors propose a domain classifier ( i.e., an adversarial network) that discriminates the representations from clean and adversarially perturbed images, and the network is required to extract similar representation distributions for clean and attacked data. The novelty of this paper is insufficient, and using the domain adaptation principle and Learning invariant Representation has been widely studied. Therefore, I vote for rejection.
Gold Metareview 271:
The paper describes an adversarial training approach that, in addition to the commonly used robustness loss, requires the network to extract similar representation distributions for clean and attacked data. The proposed method is inspired by domain adaptation approaches that require a model to extract domain invariant/agnostic features from two domains. Although the experimental results are solid and technically sound, the novelty of the methodology is not enough, as the domain classifier and the gradient reversal layer are the same with those methods in domain adaptation such as "unsupervised domain adaptation by backpropagation". On the other hand, more recent SOTA methods are missing and only smaller scale datasets are used for evaluation. During the discussions, the major concerns from three reviewers are novelty. 

I totally agree that the simplicity of the method should be a virtue. However, the idea of domain-invariant representation learning is already established well, and its application to adversarial training is quite intuitive to the community. Also, the similar methodology already exists in domain adaptation. According to the top-tier conference culture in the ML community, what most valuable is the novelty and insight, not the performance. In the end, I think that this paper may not be ready for publication at ICLR, but the next version must be a strong paper.

Generated Summary 272:
Summary: A novel pipeline parallelism technique for training large DNN models. It aims to improve upon existing pipeline methods such as Pipedream-2BW by having a better memory efficiency and more fresh weight updates. The paper is tested empirically and performs better than proposed current state of the art baselines. There is some novelty in the new pipeline scheme, but I feel it is incremental. Weakness: 4: You are confident in your assessment, but not absolutely certain, that you did not understand some parts of the submission or that you are unfamiliar with some pieces of related work.
Gold Metareview 272:
The paper proposes a new pipeline-parallel training method called WPipe. WPipe works (on a very high level) by replacing the two-buffer structure of PipeDream-2BW with a two-partition-group structure, allowing resources to be shared in a similar way to PipeDream-2BW but with less memory use and less delays in weight update propagation across stages. The 1.4x speedup it achieves over PipeDream-2BW is impressive.

In discussion, the reviewers agreed that the problem WPipe tries to tackle is important and that the approach is novel and interesting. But there was significant disagreement among the reviewers as to score. A reviewer expressed concern about the work being incremental and difficult to follow. And while these were valid concerns, and the authors should take note of them when revising their paper, I do not think they should present a bar to publication, both based on my own read of the work and also in light of the fact that other reviewers with higher confidence scores did not find novelty to be a disqualifying concern. As a result, I plan to follow the majority reviewer opinion and recommend acceptance here.

Generated Summary 273:
This paper introduces four EEG signal transformations to model the real-world variability observable during deployment and proposes a multi-pronged approach to evaluate the robustness of healthcare ML models. This is a very good paper, with a high level of originality, and a clear view of the need for better evaluation methods for medical deep learning models. It is clear that this paper is of high utility, and could do with some additional figures showing correlations between in-the-wild performance and the proposed measures.
Gold Metareview 273:
The paper introduces model-agnostic ways of quantifying predictive uncertainty and latent space differences in the situation when the distribution of data encountered during deployment differs from what the system was trained on and there is no access to the data itself. The model is evaluated on large scale EEG data.

The paper solves an important problem, in particular to the field of healthcare which has previously seen instances of models underperforming significantly at the time of deployment. As mentioned by the reviewers, this direction has not been sufficiently explored, so there is novelty in the problem itself, as well as in the solution. The experiments on EEG data were seen as convincing by the reviewers, though some questions were raised about the scope of the paper.

Overall, there is considerable merit in the work and recommend acceptance of this paper. In the camera ready, the authors should make sure not to overstate the applicability of their method. While this work could, in theory, be applied (or adapted) to other data, the merits of it outside of models trained on EEG data have not been demonstrated and should therefore not be stated as a given.

Reviewers x119 and PL6S have not engaged in the discussion although the authors responded to the issues they raised, which I kept in mind when issuing my recommendation.

Generated Summary 274:
Confidence: 4: You are confident in your assessment, but not absolutely certain, that you did not understand some parts of the submission or that you are unfamiliar with some pieces of related work. This paper proposes a bucketing scheme for robust distributed learning with heterogeneous data. Next, the authors propose and analyze an algorithmic tool called *bucketing* and show that it makes some known aggregators such as Krum, coordinate-wise median, and geometric median to be *agnostic* robust agrgors. Under a bridging assumption, the author derive that Robust Client Momentum method from (Karimireddy et al., 2021) converges for non-convex problems to a neighborhood of a stationary point. Finally, it is shown that the size of the neighborhood can be made arbitrarily small for over-
Gold Metareview 274:
This manuscript proposes and analyses a bucketing method for Byzantine-robustness in non-iid federated learning. The manuscript shows how existing Byzantine-robust methods suffer vulnerabilities when the devices are non-iid, and describe a simple coordinated attack that defeats many existing defenses. In response, the primary algorithmic contribution is a bucketing approach that aggregates subgroups of devices before robust aggregation. This approach is also easily composed with existing Byzantine-robust methods. The manuscript includes an analysis of the performance of the proposed approach, including an information-theoretic lower bound for certain settings.

During the review, the main concerns are related to the clarity of the technical contributions, and unclear technical statements. The authors respond to these concerns and have satisfied the reviewers. After discussion, reviewers are generally strongly positive about the strength of the manuscript contributions. The authors are reminded to make the final changes agreed in the public discussion e.g., discussion of the reduction to SGD when  $\delta=0$

Generated Summary 275:
This paper tries to explain the behaviour of multi-headed self-attention in vision transformers. Based on the observations a new model is proposed that combines convolution and MSAs. The experiments show that the new architecture improves results on smaller dataset. Strenghts: This paper is a good introduction to a wide range of theoretical and practical applications in the field of optics and optics. It is based on a well-researched, well-structured, and well-written paper.
Gold Metareview 275:
The paper presents an empirical analysis of Vision Transformers - and in particular multi-headed self-attention - and ConvNets, with a focus on optimization-related properties (loss landscape, Hessian eigenvalues). The paper shows that both classes of models have their strengths and weaknesses and proposes a hybrid model that takes the best of both worlds and demonstrates good empirical performance.

Reviewers are mostly very positive about the paper. Main pro is that analysis is important and this paper does a thorough job at it and draws some useful insights. There are several smaller issues with the presentation and the details of the content, but the authors did a good job addressing these in their responses.

Overall, it's a good paper on an important topic and I recommend acceptance.

Generated Summary 276:
**Technical merit**: the core idea the authors are trying to improve model-based reinforcement learning is well motivated. Though, they seem to not be quoting a core paper motivating their work: Lambert, Nathan, et al. "Objective Mismatch in Model-based Reinforcement Learning." Learning for Dynamics and Control. PMLR, 2020. A loss function for model learning is not of particular benefit for the practical algorithm.
Gold Metareview 276:
The paper considers model-based RL, and focuses on approaches that benefit from the differentiability of the model in order to compute the policy gradient. It theoretically shows that the error in the gradient of the model w.r.t. its input appears in an upper bound of the error in the policy gradient computing using the learned model. Motivated by this, it suggests a MBRL approach that learns two models, one of them minimizes the next-state prediction error (as commonly done) and the other minimizes a combination of prediction error and the gradient error. 
The paper empirically studies the method through extensive experiments.

Reviewers are generally positive about this work. They believe that the paper is insightful and the method is original. At first, there were some important concerns raised by the reviewers, but the authors revised their paper in the discussion period, and it appears that the reviewers are all satisfied now. I also read the paper during the rebuttal phase, and I should say that I have some concerns myself, especially on the theory part of the paper. Given that the authors did not have an opportunity to answer my questions, I do not put much weight on my concerns (and I believe most of them can be addressed with some clarifications). Considering the positive response of reviewers and promising results, I am going to recommend **acceptance** of this paper.

I strongly encourage the authors to consider the comments by reviewers, as well as the following ones, in the revision of their paper.


**Comments**

1) The true dynamics $f$ is defined as a stochastic one, i.e., $s_{t+1} = f(s_t, a_t, \epsilon_t)$ (just before Eq. 1), and similarly for the learned model. Here $\epsilon_t$ is the noise causing the stochasticity of the model. But later, when the errors on the model and its gradient are introduced (i.e., $\epsilon_f$ and $\epsilon_f^g$), the role of stochasticity becomes unclear.
For example, we have
$\|| \tilde{f}(s,a) - f(s,a) \||  \leq \epsilon_f$.

What happened to the noise term?

The same is true for Eq. (5). The next-state s' (either according to the true dynamics or the learned model) is random. In that case, it is not obvious how to interpret Eq. (5). Is it the error of the expected gradient of the next state? Or is it something else?

In case the dynamics is assumed to be deterministic, this should be clarified early in the paper.

2) The upper bound in Theorem 1 might be vacuous if the Lipschitz constant $L_f$ of the model is larger than 1.
To see this, consider Lemma 1. The constant $C_0$ is $\min [D/\epsilon_f, (1-L_f^{t+1})/(1 - L_f)]$.
If $L_f$ is larger than 1, for large enough t, the term $(1-L_f^{t+1})/(1 - L_f)$ blows up and $C_0$ becomes $D/\epsilon_f$. Therefore, the upper bound of Lemma 1 becomes $D$. Here $D$ is the diameter of the state space, which is assumed to be bounded.

This carries to in the next lemmas. In Lemma 4, $C_5$ would be of the same order as $C_0$ (multiplied by an extra $L_1 L_f / (1 - \gamma) )$, so the upper bound of this lemma becomes proportional to D too.

The $C_0$'s appearance continues in the proof of Theorem 1, in which $C_8$ is proportional to $C_0$ and $C_5$. So, $C_8$ is also become proportional to $D/\epsilon_f$. When we have $C_8 \epsilon_f$ in Eq. (34), we get a constant term $D$.
A similar dependence appears in the proof of Theorem 2, where B_3 is proportional to $C_8 \epsilon_f$, which can be as large as $D$. And in Eq. (47), we have $B_3^2$. So the upper bound in Eq. (47), which seems to the be upper bound of Theorem 2, is proportional to $D^2$. This means that if $L_f$ is larger than one, the upper bound does not go to zero, no matter how small the model error $\epsilon_f$ is (unless it is actually zero). This makes the bound meaningless.

This might be unavoidable. I am not sure about it at the moment. But it definitely requires a discussion.

3) Assumption 2 has a term in the form of $E[\frac{s_{t_2}}{ s_{t_1}} ]$ (I have simplified the form). The states $s_{t_2}$ and $s_{t_1}$ are vectors in general. How is the division defined here?

4) Please improve the clarify of the proofs. For example, in Lemma 2 it seems that a negative sign is missing in Eq. (49). Also how do we get Eq. (50) and Eq. (52)? (I couldn't easily verify them).

5) I believe the "periodicity property" used in Assumption 1 should be "ergodicity property".

6) The paper still has a lot of typos, e.g., "To optimize the objective, One can ..." (P3), "argument data" (instead of augmented) (p4), "Superpose" (p5), "funcrion" (p6).

Generated Summary 277:
A novel bone suppression method that improves lung nodule detection. International journal of computer assisted radiology and surgery, 11(4): 641–655, 2016. A b c d e f g h i j k l n m nn nm r nl mn rn s t rs nt t
Gold Metareview 277:
The reviewer praises the creation of this potentially very valuable dataset and while there are some shortcomings in the presented benchmark/baseline results, I believe these will be quickly addressed by the community if the data becomes more widely used. MIDL aims to give some space for the presentation of open source data and I therefore also recommend acceptance.

Generated Summary 278:
The authors are able to provide a good overview of the available augmentation methods for this problem. However, the authors do not provide sufficient detail on the methodological novelty. The presentation of the protocols the authors propose could have been clearer and better explained. It would have been quite helpful to itemize, compare and contrast the various approaches and most importantly explain what is the intuition and theoretical background of your choices. Figs 3,4,5 are quite small to distinguish which line is on top of which.
Gold Metareview 278:
The reviewers are in agreement that the paper should be rejected. Furthermore, the authors have declined to rebut the arguments of the reviewers. As such, I agree with the suggested rejection.

Generated Summary 279:
A solid paper, with no major concerns with regard to evaluation, resources, reproducibility, ethical considerations. [Strengths] - This paper investigates the effects of training data distributions for vision-language pretraining. Specifically, the authors train CLIP on six publicly available datasets (image-text pairs) and then measure models’ robustness on ImageNet variants. In experiments, the robustness against distribution shifts is shown as a linear trend (line) of accuracy on the base ImageNet data and its variants, each line is compared with the y= x line (the perfect model). The empirical results suggest that 1) no single training data provides consistent out-of-distribution performance and 2) combining datasets - each has its own strength - might hurt robustness of the model. The authors also analyze the results of ensembling model outputs trained on different datasets.
Gold Metareview 279:
This paper studies the effect of pre-training data on the robustness of pre-trained vision-language models such as CLIP. Both empirical and theoretical results are provided to show that simple scaling may not always improving robustness. This is a timely results that shed light on how to perform better pre-training to improve robustness to distribution shifts. All reviewers agree that the work is technically solid and the contribution is significant.

Generated Summary 280:
Confidence: 3: The reviewer is fairly confident that the evaluation is correct. TERM is a good unification of different losses used in machine learning society for different purposes. The theoretical justifications also look reasonable and informative. Especially, the terM has the nice property that it is always smooth (depending on the value of t). LogSumExp has been extensively studied in geometric programming and boosting (Mason et al., 2000; Shen and Li, 2010). The current manuscript does have some novel interpretations such as the trade-off between avg-min losses. However, I am not an expert in this field, thus not sure how much the new analysis will contribute to the community. Strong points: the article is entirely reproducible as the author furnishes a well documented code. The figures and experiments made in the article provide a great illustration of the algorithm and a few
Gold Metareview 280:
Dear Authors,

Thank you very much for your detailed feedback to the initial reviews and also for further answering additional questions raised by a reviewer. Your effort has been certainly contributed to clarifying some of the concerns raised by the reviewers and improving their understanding of this paper.

Overall, all the reviewers found a merit in this paper and thus I suggest its acceptance. However, as Reviewer #2 suggested, investigating the convergence in the stochastic case is very important. More discussion on this would be a valuable addition to the paper, which the authors can incorporate in the final version.

Generated Summary 281:
Rating: 5: Borderline accept: Technically solid paper where reasons to accept outweigh reasons to reject, e.g., limited evaluation. Math/other details were not carefully checked. The paper is well written and covers the prior work well. The idea of using multi-fidelity best arm identification as a planning algorithm is interesting. Perhaps that needs to be left for another paper but it would be interesting to explore it more and see how it compares to SOTA planning algorithms. None
Gold Metareview 281:
This paper considers the multi-fidelity variant of the best-arm identification problem. I recommend its acceptance and I strongly encourage the authors to take the several fantastic points raised by the reviewers while crafting their next draft. For instance, please include a discussion about (and clarification of) Assumption 1 that reflects the discussion with the reviewers.  

Generated Summary 282:
This paper proposes an approach for estimating new detectors of visual attribute conjunctions on images by unmixing its parameters and recombining them. The new attribute detector parameter is a prototype in deep feature space that localizes the attributes by cosine similarity. The recombination is produced by averaging the detector parameters. This paper can be used to solve Zero-Shot Classification (ZSC) problems when only few attribute annotations are available in the learning dataset by augmenting the annotations with new synthesized attribute detectors.
Gold Metareview 282:
This paper has proposed a method named zero-shot learning for attributes to deal with a research problem about novel attribute classification and attribute labeling. The reviewers have many questions in the intial round. After the rebuttal, the authours clarify most unclear points, and some reviewers raise the score. In general, all the reviewers agree with the acceptance of this paper.

Generated Summary 283:
This paper is a very nice paper; it is generally well written, it gets excellent results, and it is also quite exciting to see an approach to alleviating exposure bias that does not require pretraining with MLE. The authors propose an approach based on edit distances and the implicit use of given label sequences during training. The aim is to generate a label sequence with respect to the current parameter vector of a conditional probabilistic model and then find the best possible completions for any prefix of that model-based label sequence. The objective is then defined in Eq. (6): to each element in the output sequence the objective assigns the KL-divergence between a condivision of the next item in the label sequence given a prefix sequence generated using the current model and the exponential family model.
Gold Metareview 283:
This paper proposes an algorithm for training sequence-to-sequence models from scratch to optimize edit distance. The algorithm, called optimal completion distillation (OCD), avoids the exposure bias problem inherent in maximum likelihood estimation training, is efficient and easily implemented, and does not have any tunable hyperparameters. Experiments on Librispeech and Wall Street Journal show that OCD improves test performance over both maximum likelihood and scheduled sampling, yielding state-of-the-art results. The primary concerns expressed by the reviewers pertained to the relationship of OCD to methods such as SEARN, DAgger, AggreVaTe, LOLS, and several other papers. The revision addresses the problem with a substantially larger number of references and discussion relating OCD to the previous work. Some issues of clarity were also well addressed by the revision.

Generated Summary 284:
This paper used a complex-valued network to learn the modified complex ratio mask with a weighted SDR loss for the speech enhancement task. It can get good enhancement performance. For me, the complex - valued network is already there. Weighted tangent compression is used. Apart from the objective metrics, a human listening test using MOS or preference score should be conducted. On table 2, the performance of the unbounded complex mask is quite close to your method.
Gold Metareview 284:
The authors propose an algorithm for enhancing noisy speech by also accounting for the phase information. This is done by adapting UNets to handle features defined in the complex space, and by adapting the loss function to improve an appropriate evaluation metric.

Strengths
- Modifies existing techniques well to better suit the domain for which the algorithm is being proposed. Modifications like extending UNet to complex Unet to deal with phase, redefining the mask and loss are all interesting improvements.
- Extensive results and analysis.

Weaknesses
- The work is centered around speech enhancement, and hence has limited focus. 

Even though the paper is limited to speech enhancement, the reviewers agreed that the contributions made by the paper are significant and can help improve related applications like ASR. The paper is well written with interesting results and analysis. Therefore, it is recommended that the paper be accepted.


Generated Summary 285:
Rating: 6: Marginally above acceptance threshold confidence: 5: The reviewer is absolutely certain that the evaluation is correct and very familiar with the relevant literature. Rating: 7: Marginally below acceptance threshold I think this is a very interesting idea and the paper is generally well written. I find some of the description of the models, methods and training is lacking detail. For example, their should be more detail on how REINFORCE was implemented; e.g. was a baseline used? That would make their improvements clear. Moreover, for TriviaQA their results and the cited baselines seem to all perform well below to current top models for the task (cf. https://competitions.codalab.org/ competitions/17208#results)
Gold Metareview 285:

pros:
- novel idea for multi-step QA which rewrites the query in embedding space
- good comparison with related work
- reasonable evaluation and improved results

cons:

There were concerns about missing training details, insufficient evaluation, and presentation.  These have been largely addressed in revision and I am recommending acceptance.

Generated Summary 286:
This paper presents a novel efficient way to compute the convolutional kernel, which I believe has merits on its own. The model setting for classification (where deep CNNs have been successful) and consequent evaluation on the MNIST dataset is less than convincing. One of the main motivations for Bayesian CNNs and GPs is to be able to provide good uncertainty estimates. However, the classification problem is framed in a regression setting, where neither probabilistic estimates are evaluated or even provided.
Gold Metareview 286:
This paper builds on a promising line of literature developing connections between Gaussian processes and deep neural networks.  Viewing one model under the lens of (the infinite limit of) another can lead to neat new insights and algorithms.  In this case the authors develop a connection between convolutional networks and Gaussian processes with a particular kind of kernel.  The reviews were quite mixed with one champion and two just below borderline.

The reviewers all believed the paper had contributions which would be interesting to the community (such as R1: "the paper presents a novel efficient way to compute the convolutional kernel, which I believe has merits on its own" and R2: "I really like the idea of authors that kernels based on convolutional networks might be more practical compared to the ones based on fully connected networks").  All the reviewers found the contribution of the covariance function to be novel and exciting.

Some cited weaknesses of the paper were that the authors didn't analyze the uncertainty from the model (arguably the reasoning for adopting a Bayesian treatment), novelty in appealing to the central limit theorem to arrive at the connection, and scalability of the model.

In the review process it also became apparent that there was another paper with a substantially similar contribution.  The decision for this paper was calibrated accordingly with that work.

Weighing the strengths and weaknesses of the paper and taking into account a reviewer willing to champion the work it seems there is enough novel contribution and interest in the work to justify acceptance.

The authors provided responses to the reviewer concerns including calibration plots and timing experiments in the discussion period and it would be appreciated if these can be incorporated into the camera ready version.

Generated Summary 287:
Summary: This paper presents DaSGD, which overlaps the computation and communication of distributed training. In a nutshell, the idea is to combine PipeSGD and local SGD. A convergence analysis is given. The experiments validate the model performance. 1. The critical issue is that neither local [1] communication is novel. What's more, combining them is also not novel. As a matter of fact, the proposed method [2] is nearly the same to Fig 2 in [2].
Gold Metareview 287:
This paper proposes a variant of stochastic gradient descent that parallelizes the algorithm for distributed training via delayed gradient averaging. While the algorithm (DaSGD) proposed is sensible and seems to work, it also seems to miss a lot of related work. As pointed out by one of the reviewers, the class of asynchronous decentralized methods already seem to cover the space of DaSGD, and it's not clear how DaSGD differs from the existing methods in this space. As a result of this lack of comparison to related work, the reviewers recommended that the paper not be accepted at this time, and this evaluation was not challenged by an author response. I agree with this consensus.

Generated Summary 288:
Optimal convergence rates for smooth, nonconvex stochastic optimization for mesh networks compliant with gossip matrices whose connectivity measure is not $cos(pi/n)$; for large $n$ the interval spans [0,1]. A key enabler of such new results is a tight relationship between the connectivity of the graph and its diameter, a fact that was established before for linear graphs.
Gold Metareview 288:
This paper presents some new results on near-optimum algorithms for distributed optimization, nearly matching lower bounds. Most of the reviewers are positive about the contributions of this work. However, one issue that came up is the assumption of bounded gradient dissimilarity, which is essentially a gap between upper and lower bounds. While I am recommending to accept this paper, I believe this gap should be more prominently discussed in the abstract and introduction. 



Generated Summary 289:
Pros: A self-supervised technique for controlling the productions of a Transformer-based pretrained generator. It consists in augmenting the architecture of the pretrained model with a special "content-conditioner" (CoCon) block which is able to exploit a contextual condition. At test time, this contextual condition is provided as context, and the parameters of the CoCon component learn how to approximately recover the missing portion based on this context (the portion itself) and on the prefix text preceding the removal.
Gold Metareview 289:
 
The paper aims at controllable generation by introducing an additional "content-conditioner" block in the Transformer models. The paper further provides 4 different variants of a pre-training task to train the content-conditioner model. 

While the proposed approach seems an incremental contribution over CTRL and PPLM, certain reviews praised the approach being novel while keeping the architecture changes minimal. Overall, reviews indicate that the overall proposed method of fine-grained controlled generation with self-supervision is valuable, and empirical results support its effectiveness. 

All reviewers initially raised concerns regarding clarity and lack of human evaluation. However, clarity issues seem to be resolved through author/reviewer discussions and the updated revision.

R3 had important concerns regarding topic and sentiment relevance evaluations.  
While the reviewer remains unconvinced after discussions with authors, after carefully reading the revised paper and discussions, I feel that the authors tried to address this point fairly  through their additional experiments and also edited their contribution statement accordingly.

Overall, at least two reviewers sounded very excited about this work and other than R3's concerns, the general sentiment about this work was positive. Therefore, I recommend weak accept.  

There are still some writing issues that I strongly encourage authors to carefully address in the future versions. Quoting from reviewer discussions:

> Differentiability of the adversarial loss. Authors just added one statement saying " Through continuous approximation.." without any more details are given, which continuous approx was used (Gumbel softmax?) and how they overcame the problem of its training instability. 

> Table 6, can be misleading, authors bold the results when cocon+ is performing better than baselines (mostly in content similarity) but not the other way around topic/sentiment accuracy. The latter is arguably more important.

Generated Summary 290:
This paper is a good introduction to the problem of continuous learning on semantic segmentation. The authors propose two simple ideas to improve the architecture: - using shared but wider convolution modules - introducing dropout into the encoder-decoder architecture. Confidence: 4: You are confident in your assessment, but not absolutely certain, that you did not understand some parts of the submission or that you are unfamiliar with some pieces of related work.
Gold Metareview 290:
This paper deals with continual learning in semantic segmentation.  Authors introduce wider convolution at final feature extraction layer and apply dropout to limit the overcompression issue.  
No reviewer was convinced by the approach and they have raised many issues, including model design choice, training protocol and missing experiments.  
No rebuttal has been provided by the authors.  
As it is, this submission is not ready for publication, and we encourage the authors to consider the reviewers feedbacks for future publication.

Generated Summary 291:
I am skeptical about accepting this paper. The paper should verify the main claim of the work. ## Strengths I think that the presented method is elegant, logical, and not overcomplicated. It also improves state-of-the-art results. Section 3.1 a little bit hard to understand at first reading, especially the "Semi-grained sequence" part, the writing could be much improved there. Correcting the typos and the plurals would help, and maybe a figure about the AST like Figure 5 in the Appendix and concrete examples if there is space for that. [a] Li, J., Li, Y. Li, G., Hu, X., and Xia, x., Multi-Granularity Method for Code Summarization.
Gold Metareview 291:
The paper presents a multi-granularity input represenaion and a pyramid attention mechanism for code summarizaiton tasks. After extensive discussion, the reviewers still cannot agree on accepting or rejecting this paper. The key discussion points and my opinion are summarized in below. 


1. Performance improvement -- a few reviewers point out the performance improvement is relatively small (about 1%) compared with baseline. With the additional error bar provided by the authors, it seems to me the improvement is statistically significant. The authors also provide sufficient ablation study to justify the improvement. Although it's arguable if the proposed appracoh is substantial, the progress of AI is often driven by incremental improvement in terms of performance. Therefore, I'm less concerned by this issue. 

2. Comparison only on 1 language and 2 datasets. I partially agree with the authors and reviwers Xtyo that the paper already conducted extensive experiments and the merits of the proposed approach are justified. However, I disagree with the attritue that the comparison on 1 language is sufficient given the recent progress of code summariziton. As the proposed approach is mainly justified by empirical comparison, conducting results on a limited dataset raises the concern whether the proposed approach is generalizble to other languages and datasets. It also makes future work harder to compare with this work. I especially disagree the point that some earlier papers only compared on limited datasets. These papers are published earlier than the benchmark CodeXGlue has been released. As most recent baselines are compared on CodeXGlue, there is a need to justify the missing of results on this dataset. Besides, the argument of the dataet is noisy the performance is low do not seem rigorous and reasonable to me.

3. Human evaluation. The authors provide a preliminary study of human evaluation on the generated outputs. On one hand, it shows the proposed approach indeed improve the quality of the summary, but on the other hand, the study requires more rigorous design. I would suggest including the human evaluation on the main text rather than in appendix. 

4. Presentation. The paper is mostly well-written and provide nice intuition behind the propose method. However, I also agree with Q2Zz that some statements might overclaim and require justification. The later part of the paper has significant number of typos and require a careful proofread. It's pity that the authors do not take the opportunity during the rebuttal period to revise the paper.

Overall, I think the paper has sufficient merits but still have room to improve. 

Generated Summary 292:
This paper incorporates a concept called hypergraph network into reinforcement learning. The idea of hypergraph is to extend edge to hyperedge where a set of vertices can be considered at the same time. This paper focuses on learning action representations for problems involving high-dimensional action spaces. The aim is to build a flexible and general methodology for learning representations of multidimensional actions that can be combined with existing architectures (which mostly focus on learning state representations).
Gold Metareview 292:
After reading the reviews and rebuttal and looking over the paper, I feel that the results are indeed strong, and the paper could have an impact in terms of exploiting the relationship among action dimensions. Maybe the only detail that I would add is that going through the example given in Fig 1 completely could be useful as it might not be perfectly obvious how (e.g. considering a simple mixing function like summation) one retrieves the q values for someone not familiar with this particular topic. 

Generated Summary 293:
Reject: A solid paper, with a high impact on at least one sub-area, with good-to-excellent evaluation, resources, reproducibility, and no unaddressed ethical considerations. The authors describe a deep-learning pipeline to understand the nature of encoding in the salamander retina. Curiously, the latent representation can be used to accurately decode time in the movie, even for completely novel movies. This suggests that the model learns a low-dimensional representation of elapsed time. Lastly, the authors use information theoretic analysis to show that time requires jointly ecoding of static and dynamic features.
Gold Metareview 293:
The authors analyze the latent representation of visual features from natural movies in the salamander retina using a U-net. They train an encoder to learn a compressed latent representation from a large population of salamander retinal ganglion cells responding to natural movies, while a decoder samples from this compressed latent space to generate the appropriate movie frame. They characterize its representation of “time in the natural scene” in the latent space of their model.

Overall, the reviewers expressed a lot of interest in the topic and valued the novel application to salamander retinal data. There were some questions about the significance of the finding, and through the rebuttal period, the authors provided a number of experiments to compare against other variants of their baselines (and ablations), with some reviewers increasing their scores in favor of acceptance. 

At the same time, there was concern that the U-Net architecture could potentially reconstruct the movie without any retinal data. Thus, it was not entirely clear whether the model was truly leveraging the retinal data to obtain meaningful outputs. Unfortunately, this concern was not fully addressed in the revision, leaving the reviewers overall with mixed views but the majority in favor of acceptance.


Generated Summary 294:
This paper presents a framework for single-view, multi-object 6-D pose estimation. It is based on an object detector backbone, which receives a single RGB image as input, and a modified version of a Deformable DETR Transformer, which is provided with multi-scale features extracted by the object detector, as well as the center coordinates and extent of the bound. The authors evaluate the model on the YCB-V dataset.
Gold Metareview 294:
Dear Authors,

Thank you for submitting your manuscript to CoRL. I'm happy to inform you that your paper is acceptable for publication. We have completed the review of your manuscript and a summary is appended below. 
The reviewers have advised accepting your manuscript as a poster after improvement of the quality of the manuscript presentation based on the comments.
Please note it is crucial to incorporate all provided explanations from authors to convince the reviewers and recommended editing into the final manuscript.

Regards,

Generated Summary 295:
This paper is an interesting contribution to network Granger causal modelling. The baseline approaches and evaluation metrics that are compared seem appropriate. The evaluations are extensive and provide some insight into the hyperparameter h. What I missed in the discussion was especially a discussion on the ablation experiments (the results of Figure 5). Is there an explanation for the fact that good choices for h are between 5 and 10? Is this a good paper?
Gold Metareview 295:
Meta Review: In this paper, the authors proposed a new method for forecasting and other prediction  analyses for multiple time series dynamic networks. All the reviewers consider that the proposed method is fundamental and useful.



Generated Summary 296:
Confidence: 3: You are fairly confident in your assessment of this paper. It is possible that you did not understand some parts of the submission or that you are unfamiliar with some pieces of related work. Math/other details were not carefully checked. The paper considers a setting where the label is random noise if the input is in an uninformative subspace, provides theoretical analysis for the estimated predictor/selector that minimizes classification risk/a novel selector loss, and tests on semi-synthetic experiments. Strengths. Uninformable and unintelligent, and a heuristic algorithm for supervised learning with abstention, but not for high-noise data. The model seems to be completely artificial, and I am not aware of any realistic settings.
Gold Metareview 296:
This paper studies a learning scenario in which there exist 2 classes of examples: "predictable" and "noise". Learning theory is provided for this setting and a novel algorithm is devised that identifies predictable examples and makes predictions at the same time. A more practical algorithm is devised as well. Results are supported by experiments.

Reviewers have raised a number of concerns (ranging from how realistic this settings is to missing references). Overall they found this work interesting and relevant to ML community and appreciate the effort that authors have put in in their thoughtful response. However, after a thorough deliberation conference program committee decided that the paper is not sufficiently strong in its current form to be accepted.

Generated Summary 297:
Pros: - Interesting idea, but the paper focuses too much on keeping the identity of the indiscernibles and forgets the study of other properties (including downsides, such as variance increase). Rating: 6: Marginally above acceptance threshold confidence: 4: The paper seems hastily written, with some grammar issues, typos, and sloppy use of LaTeX. - Overall, a good paper.
Gold Metareview 297:
This manuscript proposes spread divergences as a technique for extending f-divergences to distributions with different supports. This is achieved by convolving with a noise distribution. This is an important topic worth further study in the community, particularly as it related to training generative models.

The reviewers and AC opinions were mixed, with reviewers either being unconvinced about the novelty of the proposed work, or expressing issues about the clarity of the presentation. Further improvement of the clarity, combined with additional convincing experiments would significantly strengthen this submission.

Generated Summary 298:
This paper has a simple idea to extend the transformer model. The paper proposed to not only take positional information of each token, but to add additional structural information about distances of tokens in the abstract syntax tree. This information gives an edge of this model on several code summarization datasets. While it looks standard, the idea seems to deliver well in the evaluation results. The authors call the proposed model Code Transformer. Technically, it is only the encoder. It should be clear. In the appendix, the paper states that a token span may have overlap among its ancestors. A concrete example would help. **Language-agnostic representation**
Gold Metareview 298:
The paper gives an extension of the transformer model that is suited to computing representations of source code. The main difference from transformers is that the model takes in a program's abstract syntax tree (AST) in addition to its sequence representation, and utilizes several pairwise distance measures between AST nodes in the self-attention operation. The model is evaluated on the task of code summarization for 5 different languages and shown to beat two state-of-the-art models. One interesting observation is that a model trained on data from all languages outperforms the monolingual version of the model.

The reviewers generally liked the paper. The technical idea is simple, but the evaluation is substantial and makes a convincing case about setting a new state of the art. The observation about multilingual models is also interesting. While there were a few concerns, many of these were addressed in the authors' responses, and the ones that remain seem minor. Given this, I am recommending acceptance as a poster. Please incorporate the reviewers' comments in the final version. 

Generated Summary 299:
Positives: A solid paper with a strong focus on language and image data can affect fine-tuning of Transformers on offline reinforcement learning tasks. The authors analyze various network artifacts, like how layer activation and model weights change during training, initials gradient norms, also what type of language-trained model learns and utilizes for down-stream tasks, and others. Given the current interest in large foundational models being the starting point for perception and perception-action, the paper is a good contribution to the field, and can aid in understanding how large Transformers can transfer between different domains
Gold Metareview 299:
The paper unanimously receives positive rates thanks to strong motivations and interesting results. As the reviews show satisfaction on the authors’ feedback, the final draft needs to respect it accordingly, for example, about the limitations of this research. 

Generated Summary 300:
3 out of 5 based on 0 reviews 1 out of 3 based upon 0 user reviews 2 out of 4 based mainly on technical aspects of this paper The main results are novel due to their generality -- it holds for GLMs with possible model misspecification. The main result is not really novel. Better or essentially the same (up to constants) results have been obtained using other techniques before . This paper introduces a nice connection between recent work in high dimensional statistics with generalization bounds.
Gold Metareview 300:
The manuscript proves a new (finite-sample) generalization bound for generalized linear models, using Moreau envelope theory. The paper also provides experimental validation.

While the results only hold for Gaussian data, I believe there is some interesting novel results which might inspire some future work in the learning theory community. (In comparison, several novel frameworks have been created in the past for other problems, in which the initial versions assumed Gaussianity, e.g., the work on support recovery on sparse linear regression, for instance.)

Several technical clarifications regarding the assumptions (e.g., surrogate distribution, comparison to prior results) were asked by the reviewers, which the authors thoroughly and successfully addressed during the rebuttal phase. I recommend adding this to the camera-ready version of the paper, as well as other discussions and clarifications raised by all the reviewers.

Generated Summary 301:
This paper proposes an algorithm for Heteogeneously Observable Imitation Learning (HOIL), a variant of imitation learning in which the demonstrator and imitator have different observation spaces, and it is expensive to obtain paired samples that depict corresponding imitators and demonstrator states. Rating: 6: Weak Accept: Technically solid, moderate-to-high impact paper, with no major concerns with respect to evaluation, resources, reproducibility, ethical considerations.
Gold Metareview 301:
In this paper, the authors tackle the problem of demonstrators and learners having different observation spaces, by proposing an importance-weighted learning algorithm to bring the support of the imitator state marginal closer to that of the expert demonstrator's state marginal. 

All reviewers have voted to weak accept, but it would seem that this year's NeurIPS mechanism of reviewer assignment has resulted in a much higher acceptance rate than typical, with 80%+ of the AC batch having accept votes. As such, I am tasked with the tough job of rejecting some papers that reviewers were only lukewarmly excited about. It pains me to do this to a paper that reviewers have found methodologically correct. I will be recommending this paper be rejected based on calibration against other papers I'm AC'ing, mostly for the following reason:

The HOIL paper assumes a problem setting where:

1. expert observations with more privilege observations than learner: 
2. access to expert observations being high cost and invasive 
3. importance-weighting the data to close the support between learner and expert state distributions mitigates (1) and (2)

However, it's not demonstrated that (1) and (2) is an actual problem in practical applications. Is sensor mismatch between human and autonomous vehicles the actual problem for learning? Do self-driving cars even utilize a policy formulation explored in the HOIL paper? How big are these state / support mismatches in practice, and couldn't they be mitigated by simpler methods? This paper is the first I've heard suggested that sensor mismatch between humans and autonomous vehicle sensors is the bottleneck for performance. If we remove this motivation from the paper and only consider the importance weighting algorithm used for removing out of distribution examples, then it doesn't feel quite as novel as there are many works that propose some kind of distribution-projection step as a way to mitigate state marginal differences between teachers and learners (e.g. CQL). 

In fact, the setting (1) is not only avoided, but actively exploited by some learning papers (Asymmetric Actor Critic, Guided Policy Search, and other ideas) to *boost* the sample efficiency of learning, with the idea that the asymmetry in state support allows experts to provide useful learning signal in a way that the learner cannot adversarially overfit easily. 

From reviewer pD56, 
```
I didn't find the authors' response to be particularly convincing (the self-driving example doesn't seem like a good fit for what they're doing, and I think they're conflating differences in perceptual accuracy with differences in sensing hardware).
```


Generated Summary 302:
INTELLIGENT MATRIX EXPONENTIATION IN A NEURAL NETWORK - A VERY IMPORTANT EVALUATION AND AN INTERSECTIVE EMULATION A novel machine learning architecture that is in the form matrix exponential. It can effectively model the interaction of feature components and learn multivariate polynomial functions and periodic functions. Its universal approximation capability is explained and proved in the Appendix. Other properties related to periodicity, connection to Lie groups, the interpretation from the perspective of dynamical systems, and the robustness bounds are discussed. Experimental study is conducted on toy datasets and three image classification datasets to demonstrate the properties of the proposed M-layer.
Gold Metareview 302:
This paper was reviewed by 4 reviewers who scored the paper below acceptance threshold even after the rebuttal. Reviewer 4 is concerned about motivation, Reviewer 2 rightly points out that there exist numerous works that use some form of spectral layers in a deep setting on challenging datasets - something lacking in this work. Reviewer 3 is concerned about limited discussion on lie groups and the overall benefit of expm(.). Reviewer 1 reverberates the same comments regarding insufficient experiments,  comparisons and limited motivation. We encourage authors to consider all pointers given by reviewers in any future re-submission.

Generated Summary 303:
4: The reviewer is confident: 5: I think this is a good first step towards building visualization systems to aid in medical professional training. A system to help medical residents and their reviewers assess their learning using an information visualization dashboard, designed for and with them in a participatory process, deployed in their setting, and evaluated with them through a longitudinal study. A design study of a visualization system for tracking and reviewing resident physicians’ performance
Gold Metareview 303:
The reviewers are in agreement that this is a well-motivated paper and should be accepted. As R1 mentioned, the contribution does not lie in a novel visualization but rather in the process, insights, and patterns learned during the design and evaluation process. 

The reviewers also agreed that the design implications section lacked depth. This is the one area where the paper has the biggest scope of improving. The reviewers have offered suggestions for different approaches to addressing this shortcoming. 

Some other comments worth highlighting:
R1 has raised some concerns regarding how the 5 questions were selection and would like added details regarding the process. 
R2 would like some discussion around the prior approach or set-up that this system replaced. 
R3 has provided detailed feedback on minor changes which will improve the overall readability of the paper and can be accomplished prior to the camera ready submission.

Generated Summary 304:
A discrete, structured latent variable model for visual question answering that involves compositional generalization and reasoning. A probabilistic variational neural module network (V-NMN) is proposed for visual query answering. It is compared to neural model networks by Johnson et al. a new approach for performing visual queries. The results show a significant gain in performance as well as the capability of the model to generalize composition program to unseen data effectively. The authors describe those challenges as well.
Gold Metareview 304:
This paper proposes a latent variable approach to the neural module networks of Andreas et al, whereby the program determining the structure of a module network is a structured discrete latent variable. The authors explore inference mechanisms over such programs and evaluate them on SHAPES.

This paper may seem acceptable on the basis of its scores, but R1 (in particular) and R3 did a shambolic job of reviewing: their reviews are extremely short, and offer no substance to justify their scores. R2 has admirably engaged in discussion and upped their score to 6, but continue to find the paper fairly borderline, as do I. Weighing the reviews by the confidence I have in the reviewers based on their engagement, I would have to concur with R2 that this paper is very borderline. I like the core idea, but agree that the presentation of the inference techniques for V-NMN is complex and its presentation could stand to be significantly improved. I appreciate that the authors have made some updates on the basis of R2's feedback, but unfortunately due to the competitive nature of this year's ICLR and the number of acceptable paper, I cannot fully recommend acceptance at this time.

As a complete side note, it is surprising not to see the Kingma & Welling (2013) VAE paper cited here, given the topic.

Generated Summary 305:
This paper provides an empirical study of binary weight networks, where they find that the commonly adopted scaling factor is not critical. The proposed quantization algorithm is interesting, which has a potential of squeezing more redundancy out of standard BWNs. The experimental results seem to be really hard to interpret for me, and this is perhaps the weakest point of the paper. In particular, Table 1 needs to have proper baselines. This includes the full precision, standard accuracies, as well as controls which allow one to draw comparisons between the proposed algorithm and basic binarization by equating certain quantities.
Gold Metareview 305:
## Description
The paper discovers interesting phenomena in training neural networks with binary weights:
- Connection between latent weight magnitude and how important its binarized version for the network performance
-training dynamics, indicating that large latent weights are identified and stabilize early on
- Observation that amongst learned binary kernel, several specific patterns prevail, up to the bits who's reversal has very little effect. This is so regardless of the architecture, the layer considered or the dataset. 
The paper further demonstrates how these observations may be used to compress binary neural networks below 1 bit per weight.

## Review Process and Decision
The reviewers welcomed the experimental investigation of new phenomena, but commented the overall technical quality of the work as somewhat substandard. The redundancy of consecutive affine transforms is known and not connected to binary weights investigation. The investigation itself lacks a more in-depth analysis. The proposed compression results appeared not convincing to reviewers since a significant drop of accuracy occurs. The AC shares these concerns and supports rejection.

## General Comments
From my perspective, the study undertaken is methodologically „wrong“. An ad-hoc training method is investigated, which is not even clearly defined in the paper (there are many „STE“ variants) and for which it is not known what it is doing, what are the real-valued weights for and whether they are needed at all (as empirically argued by Helwegen et al. (2019)). As such, the investigation makes impression of poking a black box (the training method in this case). At the same time, there are more clear learning formulations, applicable in the setting of the paper (binary weights), in particular considering the stochastic relaxation:
* Shayer et al. (2017): Learning Discrete Weights Using the Local Reparameterization Trick
* Roth et al. (2019): Training Discrete-Valued Neural Networks with Sign Activations Using Weight Distributions
* Peters et al. (2018): Probabilistic binary neural networks

These methods are approximate, but at least the optimization is well posed and it is known what do the real-valued weights represent (e.g. logits of binary weight probabilities).
From this perspective, it can be seen that latent weights close to 0 correspond to Bernoulli weights that are almost fully random (and thus only contribute noise) and are fragile to gradient steps. Therefore the model can only perform well if it learns to be robust to their state or their state becomes more deterministic (corresponding to large latent weight). So one would actually expect to see in these models phenomena similar to the observed in the paper and not bee too much surprised or astonished by them. Furthermore, there are recent works explaining STE and its latent weights as optimizing the stochastic relaxation:
* Meng et al. (2020): Training Binary Neural Networks using the Bayesian Learning Rule
* Yanush et al. (2020): Reintroducing Straight-Through Estimators as Principled Methods for Stochastic Binary Networks. 

The authors are encouraged to make the observed phenomena more explainable by connecting to the mentioned works.

## Further Details

*  „We show that in the context of using batch normalization after convolutional layers, adapting scaling factors with either hand-crafted or learnable methods brings marginal or no accuracy gain to final model.“

From theoretical perspective, this is obvious and known to me. Practically, there could be in principle some difference due to the learning dynamics, and verifying that there is none is a useful but a weak contribution. The section devoted to this issue can be given in the appendix but is not justified in the main paper.

* „change of weight signs is crucial in the training of BWNs“

The sign determines the binary weights, so this is by definition.

* „ Firstly, the training of BWNs demonstrates the process of seeking primary binary sub-networks whose weight signs are determined and fixed at the early training stage, which is akin to recent findings on the lottery ticket hypothesis for efficient learning of sparse neural networks“

In the lottery ticket hypothesis paper it is shown explicitly that the identified sparse subnetwork changes during the learning the most rather than retains its initialization state or the state in the beginning of the training. It is therefore could be of a different nature.


Generated Summary 306:
Summary: ## Weaknesses 1. **Theorem 1 weakens the claim made by the authors explaining why PGD-AT has a greater gradient instability than standard training. ## Strengths 2. **Clean methodology and in-depth analysis 3. **Reliability of the results 4. [Analysis of the memory effect/behavior in adversarial training in perspective of model capacity, convergence and generalization]
Gold Metareview 306:
This paper demonstrates that deep networks can memorize adversarial examples of training data with completely random labels, which motivates some analyses on the convergence and generalization of adversarial training (AT). The authors identify a significant drawback of memorization in AT that could result in robust overfitting and propose a new algorithm to mitigate this drawback. Experiments on benchmark datasets validate the effectiveness of the proposed algorithm. One of the reviewers is concerned about (1) the validity of stability analysis where 80% of the data labels are noisy, and the perturbation (64/255) is large, (2) the gap between theory and practice, and (3) novelty. The authors have made a great effort to address these concerns. Although there is still no consensus after the author's response, the majority of the reviewers are in strong support. I, therefore, recommend acceptance.

Generated Summary 307:
This paper and its related work focus on kernel sizes, dilations, etc., which may obtain greater improvement on high-resolution image tasks, such as ImageNet or MS-coco in the cited work [1]. The authors are expected to demonstrate the superiority of FlexNet on typical and practical tasks (classification, generalization, detection), which would draw more attention from the CNN community. This paper proposed a new parameterization method of CNN kernels by multiplying continuous kernels and with sigma-learnable Gaussian masks so that the size of the kernels can be learned during training. Also, in the network of Flexconv, MAGNets allow the Flexconve to be used at higher resolutions without additional training. The experiment on several sequential datasets showed that the classification performances from both TCN and ResNet based on FlexConv outperform that of state-of-the-art
Gold Metareview 307:
This submission proposes a method for learning convolutional filters with trainable size, that builds on top of multiplicative filter networks.  Anti-aliasing is achieved by parametrization with anisotropic Gabor filters.  The reviewers were unanimous in their opinion that the paper is suitable for acceptance to ICLR.  The authors are encouraged to make use of the extensive reviewer discussion in improving the final version of the paper.

Generated Summary 308:
Rating: 7 - Good paper, accept confidence: 3 - The reviewer is fairly confident that the evaluation is correct - This paper presents an approach for hierarchical RL based on an ensemble of low-level controllers. From what I can tell, you train K randomly initialized models to maximize displacement (optionally with a periodic implementation) to a high level controller, that can use them for actions .
Gold Metareview 308:
Strengths 

The paper presents a method of training two-level hierarchies that is based on relatively intuitive ideas and that performs well.
The challenges of hierarchical RL makes this an important problem. The benefits of periodicity and the
separation of internal state from external state is a clean principle that can potentially be broadly employed. 
The method does well in outperforming the alternative baselines.

Weaknesses

There is no video of the results. There is related work, i.e., [Peng et al. 2016] (rev 4) uses 
a policy ensemble;  phase info is used in DeepLoco/DeepMimic; methods such as "Virtual Windup Toys for Animation" 
exploited periodicity (25y ago);  More comparisons with prior work such as Florensa et al. would help. 
The separation of internal and external state is an assumption that may not hold in many cases.
The results are locomotion focussed. There are only two timescales.

Decision

The reviewers are largely in agreement to accept the paper. 
There are fairly-simple-but-useful lessons to be found in the paper
for those working on HRL problems, particularly those for movement and locomotion. 
The AC sees the novely with respect to different pieces of related work is the weakest point of the paper.  
The reviews contain good suggestions for revisions and improvements;  the latest version may take care
of these (uploaded after the last reviewer comments). Overall, the paper will make a good contribution
to ICLR 2019.


Generated Summary 309:
[Strength: 4]. [Faith: 5]. [Good]; [Shortness: 0]. [Nothing: [Good]. This paper proposes a framework for tackling graph-based combinatorial optimisation problems with reinforcement learning. DIMES runs a graph neural network to produce a heatmap over the candidate variables (edges for TSP and MIS) which corresponds to a policy for which variable to select next from any given position. This approach seeks to provide more scalable CO solvers as solutions can be efficiently sampled from a generated heatmap with minimal additional overhead. Compared to prior works, DIMES primary claims of novelty are (i) the process does not require supervised data to generate the heatmaps and (ii) that DIMES can be trained, using meta-learning, on a distribution of instances such that it can quickly and ...
Gold Metareview 309:
This paper proposes a differentiable meta-solver applicable to large-scale combinatorial optimization. After a thorough discussion phase, all the reviewers are on the positive side of this paper. The reviewers appreciated the novelty of this paper and the importance of scaling neural combinatorial optimization for large-scale instances. Overall, I recommend acceptance for this paper.

However, the reviewers also showed concerns about the presentation of this paper. The gap between generalization and testing performance is not clearly discussed and the connection to prior works using continuous latent space should be clearly stated. Since scalability is an important issue, it would be useful to clear up time/objective comparison and unify experimental settings as suggested by Reviewer fQdp and fe3B.




Generated Summary 310:
Confidence: 3: The reviewer is fairly confident that the evaluation is correct, but not satisfied with the paper's results, and is unsure of the validity of the evaluation.  a b c d e f g h i j k m n o r iii l ot ri iv l.
Gold Metareview 310:
The paper contains interesting ideas and fits well within MIDL's short paper scope of also providing a live discussion space for accepted journal publications. Given that unfortunately only one reviewer was available, whose weak reject is mostly based on formatting, I believe that the paper can still be accepted. However, I strongly urge the authors to reformat their paper to be consistent with the MIDL style when preparing the camera-ready version.

Generated Summary 311:
Summary - This paper is based on an intuitive and simple idea. The results are convincing and well presented. Weaknesses: * No ablation studies. In my opinion, the results are not actually conclusive about what model components are responsible for the improvements. ADVAE, I feel it would be pertinent to test how well different aspects (not just syntactic roles) are disentangled. I feel that this insight into unsupervised disentanglement is interesting, however, constraining the method to syntaktic roles can be limiting.
Gold Metareview 311:
This paper proposes improving human interpretability and manipulability of neural representations by obtaining syntactic roles (here, subject, object, prepositional object, and main verb) without supervision by means of them becoming linked to latent variables in a novel proposed attention-driven VAE (ADVAE) model, which provides cross attention between a language transformer and latent variables. The paper argues that syntactic roles are quite central to meaning interpretation and that the ADVAE recovers them better than LSTM or Transformer (with mean pooling) VAEs.

This is a quite interesting direction and paper. There was active discussion with the reviewers, one of whom (9pDc) moved their rating from reject to quite strong support, while the other reviewers either sat on the fence or raised from reject to borderline. Nevertheless, I overall tend to agree that the paper is still lacking in empirical support, a view clearly shared by reviewers WuPD and 7uFL. The SNLI data is very simple descriptive sentences, nearly all in the form of S V O or S V PP. Would this work on more complex data, in other languages, or with more word order variation? There isn't very much investigation, but the new results added during reviewing based on Yelp data seem to offer more concerns than confidence. These are also very short sentences but with more varied structure and some complementation. It seems like D_{dec} is now very low (much lower than for the sequence VAE), the ability to distinguish out grammatical roles seems limited to {subj} vs. {dobj, pobj} in the encoder and none at all in the decoder (Figure 6/7). And then for the examples in Appendix D, the disentanglement abilities barely seem stronger than being able to pick out subjects, though when there are sentences with subordinate clauses, it is perhaps random which subject you get. The resampled realizations in appendix H also seem to show limited disentanglement: resampling the subject usually seems to change the object as well, often markedly. No convincing downstream applications are shown. As such, while I agree that disentanglement is at the heart of representation learning, I can't get on board with reviewer 9pDc feeling that this paper now has convincing results. Reviewer 7uFL also emphasizes that there is no strong reason that the latent variables have to align with syntactic roles. In particular, the motivation in NMT whereby constituents clump and reorder together does not exist here. It may only work for the very simple and regular sentences of SNLI.

Hence, overall, I feel that this method needs more extensive validation on harder, more varied data sets before it becomes a convincing contribution, and so I propose rejecting the paper at this point in time. Nevertheless, I do think the topic is interesting and this approach has the potential to be good.

Generated Summary 312:
ves: Overall the paper is clear. The motivation behind the use of LLM for extracting factual information is generally clear. However, it can benefit from further citation of the literature in that domain. a: The paper is well written, with only a few confusing parts (see below), but the paper tackles one of the most important issues in the large language model: inconsistency results obtained from different prompts which have the same information needs. The problem itself is real and must be resolved.
Gold Metareview 312:
This paper introduces a prompting technique for eliciting factual knowledge from frozen pretained transformer LMs. The key idea is to modify the embeddings produced by the embedding layer before they are passed to the first attention layer and the paper investigates several different design choices. The Reviewers all agree that the paper tackles an important problem with interesting methods, that it is well written and has strong results. The main concerns, raised by Reviewer jddf, were about clarifying the connections to the robust optimization literature and evaluating on OOD relations. The former has been addressed in the revised version. While the latter point remains valid, I find that the paper in its current state has enough useful experiments and analysis to warrant publication. The authors have clarified most of the other points raised by the reviewers in their rebuttal.

Generated Summary 313:
Outline Learning via Supervised Learning (RvS) methods can often often often ... ... be used in offline RL for locomotion tasks. This paper studies the importance of the design decisions for supervised learning type reinforcement learning algorithms. We find that careful design choices, such as the large sequence models and value-based weighting schemes used in some prior works, are generally not necessary. Our results show that carefully designed RvS methods can attain results that match or exceed the best prior methods across a range
Gold Metareview 313:
The paper studies the behavior cloning based strategies of offline RL algorithms in different type of environments and reports that performance primarily depends on model size and regularization. The results contradict some of the earlier claims, and the authors conjecture that model size and regularization characteristics can explain past results.  

During the review period, the reviewers agreed that the paper has certain merits, and on the other hand, they also raised some concerns, regarding some missing technical details, whether the empirical finding could be trusted, the generalization of the findings to more scenarios, and the comparison with some highly related papers. The authors did a good job in their rebuttal, which removed many of the above concerns (although not all) and convinced the reviewers to raise their scores. As a result, we believe it is fine to accept the paper (although somehow like a weak accept).

Generated Summary 314:
Yes This paper provides a computation simple and statistical efficient algorithm for solving zero-sum Markov games. The algorithm design leverages several techniques from the existing literature, including value-targeted regression, confidence set design as in UCR, CCE solver, etc. These techniques enable the authors to adapt the results from the linear setting to the nonlinear RKHS regime and achieve computation and statistical efficiency. A solid paper with a high impact on at least one sub-area, with good-to-excellent evaluation, resources, reproducibility, and no unaddressed ethical considerations. The authors propose KernelCCE-VTR to learn the equilibrium of the game.
Gold Metareview 314:
This paper considers the problem of online reinforcement learning in two-player zero-sum Markov games. They consider a class of Markov games called kernel mixture Markov games, which extend the linear mixture MDP setting considered in prior work to the RKHS setting. The main result is to propose and algorithm called KernelCCE-VTR, which uses the principle of value-targeted regression to achieve regret bounds that scale with the effective dimension of the kernel. The authors also provide an improved variant of the algorithm based on Bernstein-type confidence bonuses.

The reviewers found the setting to be important and found the paper to be well-written, and agreed that the main results are technically challenging and likely to be a useful starting point for future work on learning Markov games with function approximation. The main issue raised by the reviewers is that the algorithm design and analysis appears to be based on a combination of well-known existing techniques for simpler settings---for the final revision, the paper can be strengthened by more strongly advocating for the novelty required in combining these techniques.


Generated Summary 315:
The TIM layer is a promising inductive bias towards out-of-distribution generalization. It is an interesting attempt to integrate this idea to Transformers. The presentation is terrible: the method description is basically throwing the code (Algorithm 1) to the audience without much explanation. A structural inductive biased helps to separate the information in hidden states of the Transformer (instead of using a single monolithic hidden representation) on modelling data with clear non-uniform structure.
Gold Metareview 315:
The reviewers agree that the idea of introducing structural biases in the attention mechanism is interesting but the results and presentation right now is not convincing. Improvements are seen on only some datasets and the comparisons are not exact.
A reject.

Generated Summary 316:
Summary: This paper proposes a flexible framework that can use scaffolds as the initial seed to incrementlly generate molecules motif by motif or atom by atom so that the generated molecules contain the specified scaffold. Experiments show the proposed method performs comparably to existing methods on unconstrained molecular optimization tasks and outperforms these methods on scaffold-based tasks. At the same time, proposed method is more efficient due to that it is not conditioned on the generation history and it conditions only on the hidden vector and the current partial molecule.
Gold Metareview 316:
Most reviewers were positive about the paper, seeing that the proposed method is practical and has convincing experimental performances. One reviewer was a bit negative and raised questions about clarity. After the authors responded, the negative reviewer didn't respond further. After reviewing all the comments, the AC feels that there is enough support from reviewers to accept this paper.

Generated Summary 317:
Rating: 7: Acceptable: This paper derives a novel lower bound for the posterior contraction rate of any zero-mean Gaustian process with a compositional function. The result shows that for any GP in such scenario, the contraction rate is worse than the minimax estimation rate of deep GP (e.g., Gaussian wavelet series). This is purely theoretical work and there is no empirical study. To the best of my ability, I have verified that both proofs are sound and original.
Gold Metareview 317:
The reviewers unanimously agree that the theory here exhibiting a particular case where Gaussian process priors are inferior to deep Gaussian processes is interesting, and furthermore that the proof techniques themselves are novel. Indeed, reviewers had minimal or no substantial concerns about the paper, and most of the questions asked by reviewers txpX and sPbe read as simple follow up questions that the authors may choose to include discussion on.

Generated Summary 318:
Reject: Reject : a paper with technical flaws, weak evaluation, inadequate reproducibility and incompletely addressed ethical considerations. This paper considers a new variant of fair resource allocation problem: given a set of resources as vertices of a graph, the goal is to partition the resources among N agents -- an agent’s valuation on a bundle is given by the weight of the maximum weight matching on the subgraph of his partition. They consider two fairness measures on the utilities received by each agent: max min share (MMS) - where the minimum utility of agents is maximized, envy free upto one item (EF1) - if the no agent envies others’ allocation after removing up to one item.
Gold Metareview 318:
Reviewers agreed that the model is new and interesting and the theoretical results are solid. The main criticisms are about the model: some reviewers felt that it is too specific and there is not enough motivation. Some reviewers liked the technical depth while others felt that it is not enough to compensate for the lack of motivation. Overall, reviewers felt that the paper in its current form is not ready for publication at NeurIPS.

Generated Summary 319:
The authors propose a novel loss function for semi-supervised learning. It combines the cross-entropy loss, the within-cluster scatter as known from k-means, the distance between centroids and the margin between classes. The idea of the paper is to penalize maximize distances between pairs of samples from different clusters as determined by the classifier output as a proxy for unlabeled samples. The experiment section of this paper does not lend insight into what type of problems that are challenging for previous methods are addressed by the proposed approach.
Gold Metareview 319:
All reviewers agree that the writing is not precise. It does not help to find any novelty in the ideas, and the limited and too quickly described experiences are not convincing enough to forgive this problem. The authors chose not to oppose or comment on the detailed arguments provided by the reviewers. I agree with the reviewers in recommending the rejection of this paper. 

Generated Summary 320:
A well-written and easy to follow paper on the problem of data selection in the presence of bad training data by maximizing the utility function $U$ over all subsets of cardinality $k$. Strength: 3: You are fairly confident in your assessment. It is possible that you did not understand some parts of the submission or that you are unfamiliar with some pieces of related work. Math/other details were not carefully checked. In this work the authors: 1.
Gold Metareview 320:
The paper considers the question of identifying bad data so that models can be trained on the subset of data that is good. This question is formulated as a utility optimization problem. The paper shows that some popular heuristics are quite bad in the framework they propose. They also propose a new algorithmic framework called DataSifter. There is empirical evaluation provided for this. Questions have been raised in the reviews about the size of the models that have been used in the empirical evaluation. The authors have responded to this by suggesting the use of proxy model techniques. There are also questions about learnability of data utility for which some responses are provided in the rebuttal.

Generated Summary 321:
1. This paper presents a model for predicting the is-ancestor relationships of institutions based on their string names. To this end, it makes use of Set-Transformers to model the token overlap between the institution names. This use is nice but also not highly original. The experimental evaluation is on a single dataset only. While the authors do present some examples, overall hierarchy or something that provides some more insights into the learned model should be provided in order to show potential issues with transitivity and connected components.
Gold Metareview 321:
This paper presents a new task and model for predicting the hierarchical structure of organizations / institutes. The model predicts is-ancestor relationships between the institutions by modeling the set operations between the strings. The authors develop a new dataset, automatically derived from GRID, and compare their set-based model against a few baseline approaches. 

The reviewers’ comments were generally positive and praised the usefulness of the task, which makes us recommend acceptance. However, there were some concerns about the experimental setup (choice of baselines and evaluation).   We strongly recommend improving these aspects on the final version, as per the reviewers’ suggestions.

Generated Summary 322:
This paper combines the strengths of the *relations* between a new entity and the existing entities, by fusing the two kinds of information into a neural network that outputs the estimated representation of the new entity. Besides, it doesn’t need either re-train or fine-tune at prediction time. The motivation is clear and reasonable, and the proposed method with hyper-network is pretty interesting and attractive. However, experimental section has large improvement room.
Gold Metareview 322:
This work presents a straightforward and easy to understand method for using hypernetworks to adapt existing models to be able to increase their output space. The method itself is also interesting and is detailed enough for reproducibility. However, the experiments and results should be improved by expanding the demonstration of CHNs beyond the narrow P-VAE application and comparing against relevant baselines in the recommendation system literature.

Pros
- Clear writing.
- Detailed hyperparameters to aid reproducibility.
- Straightforward model.

Cons
- Lack of sufficient comparison to related work, especially to existing recommendation systems that handle the cold-start issue and to Vartak, 2017.
- Limited results that only demonstrate application to P-VAE meaning it's still unknown if CHNs work well with other models. The result on the synthetic dataset is also less persuasive.
- Lack of sufficient ablations, i.e. training a SVM/linear regression model until convergence.

Generated Summary 323:
This paper is a solid baseline for linear gradient descent. It does not provide unbiased comparisons with competitors, since all results are subject to extensive problem-specific hyperparameter tuning. The authors propose an automated tuning approach to the hyper-parameters of Directional Gaussian Smoothing (DGS) a recently proposed solution for the problem. Their proposed solution trade-offs some additional function evaluations per parameter update to perform a line search for the optimal learning rate. Then the tuned learning rate informs the update for the Gauss smoothing parameter. The experimental results are comprehensive as well as practical applications.
Gold Metareview 323:
The main goal of this paper is to develop a new adaptive strategy to remove the need of hyperparameter fine tuning, which hinders the performance of DGS (Zhang et al., 2020) method. This paper applies a line-search of the step-size parameter of DGS  to reduce tuning.  A heuristic update rule of the smooth parameter in DGS (Zhang et al., 2020)) is also used. 

Pros
+ The topic of learning hyperparameters on the fly is well-motivated and an important direction to improve many existing methods.
+ A wide range of tasks are considered in the experiments are interesting, with a wide range of tasks considered. 


Cons
- Reviewers have found the contribution to be incremental and marginal. Specifically, the reviewers have expressed concerns on the impact of the work since it verifies improvement upon DGS only. The paper could be stronger by showing evidence of improving other algorithms. 
-  In the work of [Zhang et. al., 2020], there are two parameters that require careful selection - the learning rate and smoothing radius. However, the proposed approach still relies on some hyperparameters. Although the authors claim that the method is not sensitive to these hyperparameters, it could be better justified. 
- The initial version lacks evaluation of the adaptive mechanism, although the authors added the comparison in the revised version. 
- The paper could be further improved by comparing against other hyperparameter optimization methods. 

We acknowledge the detailed response and the modifications of the manuscript. We believe the paper will make a more profound contribution and impact after addressing some of the major concerns raised by the reviewers. 


Generated Summary 324:
This paper presents a new state-of-the-art results both in terms of accuracy and training efficiency. Ample experiments showcase the advantages of the proposed approach. Math/other details were not carefully checked. The core contribution of this ppaer is to simplify and accelerate the conventional two-stage optimization procedure with TBPTT, where the gradients need to be propagated through a long chain. Instead, a kernel is used for computing the loss function, minimizing which leads to a single step optimization approach.
Gold Metareview 324:
The paper proposes a new algorithm for dataset distillation, based on two key ideas:  (1) train a linear layer given the fixed feature extractor, and (2) use a diverse set of modes as feature extractors. The paper has received overwhelmingly positive reviews. Many reviewers find the algorithm effective, the paper well-written, and the results compelling. The rebuttal further addressed the concerns regarding the backbone models and missing experiments as well as provided additional clarifications. The AC agreed with the reviewers’ consensus and recommended accepting the paper. 

Generated Summary 325:
Summary: This paper presents a novel graph reasoning model based on supergraphs constructed via fact triplets. The authors define the fact units as subject-predicate-object relational path extracted from the dependency parser and use them as local knowledge, compared with the commonly used entity-relation knowledge to enhance the task of logic-driven question answering. ## Strengths: The authors claim that a lot of previous work in QA-based MRC focused only on entity-aware common sense knowledge. To overcome this, the paper proposes to build a finer-grained local fact, (entity, predicate, entity) triplet, information Based on dependency Parsing, and then connect the triplet nodes with global information such as coreference and entity information.
Gold Metareview 325:
Strengths:
* Well-written paper
* Strong empirical results on three benchmarks
* Interesting approach of producing semantically augmented LMs using dependency parses to extract svo triples, and finding coreferences between them across multiple sentences

Weaknesses:
* None of the reviewers seem particularly excited about the paper
* Stronger baseline comparisons would have improved the paper
* Authors re-define a lot of terminology, but the novelty of the method is more from the type of graph used to initialize their method, which seems to be a function of OpenIE triplets

Generated Summary 326:
This paper combines elements of two existing reinforcement learning approaches, namely, Deep Q-learning Networks (DQN) with Prioritized Experience Replay (PER) and Deep Deterministic Policy Gradient (DDPG). The problem is interesting and there is a nice review of relevant work. However, the paper lacks insight on how and why results are improved on some settings while performing worse than the others. The paper proposes PDDPG, a combination of prioritized experience replay, parameter noise exploration, and DDPG.
Gold Metareview 326:
The authors take two algorithmic components that were proposed in the context of discrete-action RL - priority replay and parameter noise - and evaluate them with DDPG on continuous control tasks. The different approaches are nicely summarized by the authors, however the contribution of the paper is extremely limited. There is no novelty in the proposed approaches, the empirical evaluation is inconclusive and limited, and there is no analysis or additional insights or results. The AC and the reviewers agree that this paper is not strong enough for ICLR.

Generated Summary 327:
Weakness: 4: You are confident in your assessment, but not absolutely certain, that you did not understand some parts of the submission or that you are unfamiliar with some pieces of related work. This paper considers task-free continual learning in the context of online memory selection. The authors propose the notion of surprise and learnability seem well-suited to the current problem at hand. The computation of the Bayesian posteriors is also natural and the Gaussian assumption, together with conjugacy, results in efficient updates, which is nice. The InfoRS algorithm also seems natural for sampling among selective points with high information.
Gold Metareview 327:
One way of avoiding catastrophic forgetting in continual learning is through keeping a memory buffer for experience replay.  This paper addresses the problem of online selection of representative samples for populating such memory buffer for experience replay.  The paper proposes novel information-theoretic criteria that selects samples that captures surprise (samples that are most informative) and learnability (to avoid outliers).  They utilize a Bayesian formulation to quantify informativeness. They provide two algorithms: a greedy approach, and an approach that takes timing (when to) update memory into account based on reservoir sampling to mitigate possible issues with class imbalance.

Pros:  The paper is well written and organized.  It was easy to follow. The formulation is novel and technically sound. The idea of taking learnability into account is novel and interesting.  It provides a nice way of avoiding outliers and balancing surprising information. The authors presented the motivation for each part of the framework well.  

Cons: To understand the contribution of each component of the formulation and competing criteria, an ablation study is needed.
Reviewers had several detailed suggestions and questions, including sensitivity to hyperparameters, additional citations, additional data sets beyond MNIST and CIFAR10, etc.  

In the rebuttal, the authors have addressed several of these concerns.  Please make sure to include and incorporate reviewer suggestions in the final revised version.

Generated Summary 328:
This paper proposes a novel image enhancement method using unpaired GAN based translation network and a contextual loss criterion. The novelty of the paper is weak. Geometric and lighting priors are two frequently used priors for unsupervised low-light image enhancement. The constraints are based on simple priors and the organization of Table 1 is also confusing. An ablation study is necessary to show the effectiveness of the proposed priors.
Gold Metareview 328:
None of the reviewers championed the paper. Many weaknesses were shared across the reviewers: none of the individual contributions is individually novel, paper is not well written and the results do not show significant improvement over the prior state of the art. No rebuttal was provided. The AC agrees with the reviewers that the paper is not ready for publication at ILCR.

Generated Summary 329:
This paper proposes an alternative deep learning model for use in combinatorial optimization. The attention model is inspired by the Transformer architecture of Vaswani et al. (2017). Given a distribution over problem instances (e.g. TSP), the REINFORCE update is used to train the attention model. Experimentally, four different routing problems are considered. The authors show that the proposed method often outperforms some other learning-based methods and is competitive with existing (non-learned) heuristics. Next, I will touch on some strengths and weaknesses which I hope the authors can address/take into account.
Gold Metareview 329:
The paper presents a new deep learning approach for combinatorial optimization
problems based on the Transformer architecture. The paper is well written
and several experiments are provided. A reviewer asked for more intuition to
the proposed approach and authors have responded accordingly. Reviewers are
also concerned with scalability and theoretical basis.
Overall, all reviewers were positives in their scores, and I recommend accepting the paper.

Generated Summary 330:
A new method to do counterfactual inference on time series data in healthcare. It is done by modelling interventions in continuous time with differential equations augmented by auxiliary confounding variables to reduce bias. The results in Figure 3 are very difficult to evaluate without context about the three groups of patients and whether they will exhibit similar clustering structure should they have clustered from data. (5) be a weak rejection of this paper, as it lacks the theoretical contribution of neural ODEs to counter-factorial inference in time series in the presence of hidden confounders, and is a marginal contribution.
Gold Metareview 330:
There are some interesting ideas raised on continuous-time models with latent variables in machine learning. However, the reviewers argue, and I agree, that the connection to causal models as typically required in applications about the effects of interventions is not addressed with as much care as it might have been needed.

Generated Summary 331:
Negatives 4: Ok but not good enough - rejection Confidence: 3: The reviewer is confident but not absolutely certain that the evaluation is correct - Theorem 2 has no proof The author provides an insight that in noisy label learning, if the corrupted gradient is not far from the true one, then the learning algorithm could converge a sub-optimal result. The theoretical results make sense, but there lack detailed proofs to make this paper self-contain.
Gold Metareview 331:
The papers studies machine learning tasks in the presence of adversarially corrupt data (during training). In particular, it is assumed that the labels of a small constant fraction of the datapoints are arbitrarily corrupted.  The paper proposes a natural method to solve this problem and evaluates it on various datasets. As pointed out by the reviewers, the theoretical contributions of this paper are subsumed by a number of prior works (which were not initially cited). The experimental results of the paper are interesting. However, the method proposed  and evaluated is not particularly novel. In my opinion, the problems studied in this submission are important (in particular, the memory/space consideration in the context of robustness). However, this work still needs work and is not ready for publication.

Generated Summary 332:
S1: The model is good, but the current experimental setup is not doing a great job to support the claims that are being made due to some weaknesses. S2: This is pretty much a high dimensional message function, as used by the GNN baselines (DPI-Net and GNS), the only difference is that in this case this message plays two roles, the role of a High Dimension message, and a role of an edge specific query, which is combined with Edge specific query.
Gold Metareview 332:
The submission received split reviews: two reviewers recommended weak accepts, and the other two weak rejects.  The AC went through the reviews, responses, and discussions carefully.  The AC agrees that this paper is well-written and has demonstrated the possibility of using transformers for particle-based physical simulation.  The AC also believes that the authors have addressed the concerns of reviewer dYcg, despite that the reviewer didn't engage in the discussions.  The contributions are however not most exciting, and none of the reviewers would like to champion the submission.

Further, the AC agrees with the knowledgeable and responsible reviewer ZsKn that the presentation and experiments can be better positioned to highlight the key contribution. As reviewer ZsKn has summarized, it's recommended that "the authors took the approach of integrating the different parts of the newly proposed layer into existing architectures (possibly including non-simulation settings), and try to understand better that way how the new layer may help in a more apples-to-apples comparison."

The recommendation is reject, and the authors are encouraged to revise the paper for the next venue.

Generated Summary 333:
This paper is not ready to be published yet. I think the authors should consider comparing their method with the state of the art on consensus clustering which is not deep learning based. Iterates between clustering the images in the feature space of the network and updating the network weights to respect the clusters. In an experimental evaluation on a set of standard image clustering benchmarks they outperform previous work in most scenarios.
Gold Metareview 333:
This paper proposes a model for learning using ensemble clustering. The reviewers found the general idea promising.
However, while promising, all reviewers noted that in its curent form the paper is not fit for publication. The reviewers pointed out missing references, issues with the abstract, lack of motivation for some of the algorithmic choices, limited novelty over clarity in the description of difference w.r.t. previous work.
Because of all these reasons, this paper does not meet the bar of acceptance. I recommend the authors take into account the feedback provided in the reviews and discussion and resubmit to another venue.

Generated Summary 334:
Squeezeformer is a novel hybrid attention-convolution architecture for ASR through a series of extensive architectural studies and improvements over the Conformer architecture. The authors also have open sourced the code and trained model checkpoints which should be supremely helpful to the community in building on these models. ** Post-rebuttal: I increase my soundness and presentation scores from 3/4 to 4/4, and my score from 6/10 to 8/10.** This paper is an example of what proposals of new Deep-Learning architectures ought to look like, with novel ideas, excellent impact on at least one area, or high-to-excellent impact on multiple areas, with excellent evaluation, resources, and reproducibility, and no unaddressed ethical considerations.
Gold Metareview 334:
The paper conducts thorough analysis of the Conformer architecture and brings insights and techniques from other fields to simplify and improve the model structure, which is also demonstrated to show nice gains. Though as pointed by reviewers the novelty is limited, the study is very useful to the field. 

Generated Summary 335:
A very solid paper, with good-to-excellent evaluation, resources, and reproducibility, and no unaddressed ethical considerations. This paper studies perfect sampling from a discrete set D given data in the form of pairwise comparisons. The setup is the following: There is an unknown distribution D supported on [n]x[n], and the aim is to produce a sample from this distribution. The access to D is via 'Pairwise Comparisons', and the algorithm observes samples of the following form: first, one draws (x, y) from Q and then w is drawn according to D conditioned on it being either x or y. (A small remark: the algorithm doesn't need to know the distribution Q, but the complexity guarantees will depend on the structure of Q). The Coupling problem is a problem of obtaining perfect samples using as few sample triples (
Gold Metareview 335:
The authors show how to perfectly sample a discrete distribution, given sample access to the Bradley-Terry-Luce model on subsets of size 2. While the learning problem has been previously studied extensively, this work initiates the study of sampling. Technically, the authors introduce re-weighting and rejection sampling ideas that speed up coupling from the past by utilizing an approximate learning algorithm; these techniques could be useful in other applications, as the authors hint in the rebuttal.

The reviewers agreed that the paper is technically quite strong and that it's quite well written. The authors responded to all remaining questions by the reviewers, clearing the path to the paper being accepted.

Generated Summary 336:
Rating: 5; Confidence: 2: The basic idea seems to be reasonable. Moving average-based strategy would stabilize optimization process. This paper tries to adapt the concept of averaging, well known is the game literature, to GAN training. In a simple min-max example, the iterates obtained by gradient method do not converge to the equilibrium of the game but their average does. The exponential moving average (EMA) is a useful parameter. Nevertheless, this paper falls short in convincing me that this method is useful in real-world GAN settings.
Gold Metareview 336:
This work analyses the use of parameter averaging in GANs. It can mainly be seen as an empirical study (while also a convergence analysis of EMA for a concrete example provides some minor theoretical result) but experimental results are very convincing and could promote using parameter averaging in the GAN community. Therefore, even if the technical novelty is limited, the insights brought by the paper are intesting. 

Generated Summary 337:
I think this paper is a valuable tool for NLP, and I think that the authors should be commended. The task of generating a summary from multiple lengthy documents is mainly untouched but extremely important. As the authors point out, such an automatic summarization would help legal experts in drafting lawsuit descriptions more efficiently, which would benefit citizens in accessing and understanding more legal disputes and resolutions. 2 – The dataset creates new challenges for the current text summization models. The authors' point on the length of output sequences from SOTA models speaks to this point; this will be really useful in future efforts to solve that problem. Also, I was especially impressed by the HCI contribution.
Gold Metareview 337:
This is a very high-quality dataset, which is especially noteworthy since legal NLP benchmarks are very difficult to build. The authors approached every aspect of the process with extreme care. It will likely have an impact on law practice and start interesting discussions about the use of ML in these settings. The paper is also very well written and enjoyable to read.

Most reviewers are heavily in favor of acceptance. Reviewer Aeqk brought up some weaknesses, but at least from the AC's perspective, these seem to be answered well by the authors.

Generated Summary 338:
## Pros - The paper is easy to read. ## Cons / Questions - I'm not sure if the term over-parameterization is well-defined in the paper. For training neural classifiers, the word "over" is clear because of the transition point of the double descending curve (for performance) within the regime of parameter space the paper studies. To be more specific, is $k=256$, which is only 2x or 4x of common choices of feature numbers, considered as over-parmeterized?
Gold Metareview 338:
### Paper summary 
This paper investigates theoretically and empirically the effect of increasing the number of parameters ("overparameterization") in GAN training. By analogy to what happens in supervised learning with neural networks, overparameterization does help to stabilize the training dynamics (and improve performance empirically). This paper provides an explicit threshold for the width of a 1-layer ReLU network generator so that gradient-ascent training with a linear discriminator yields a linear rate of convergence to the global saddle point (which corresponds to the empirical mean of the generator matching the mean of the data). The authors also provides a more general theorem that generalizes this result to deeper networks.

### Evaluation
The reviewers had several questions and concerns which were well addressed in the rebuttal and following discussion, in particular in terms of clarifying the meaning of "overparameterization". After discussing the paper, R1, R2 and R4 recommend acceptance while R3 recommends rejection. The main concern of R3 is that the GAN formulation analyzed in the paper is mainly doing moment matching between the generator  distribution (produced from a *fixed* set of latent variables z_i) and the empirical mean of the data. R3 argues that this is not sufficient to "understanding the training of GANs". At least two aspects are missing: how the distribution induced by the generator converges according to other notion of divergence (like KL, Wasserstein, etc.); and what about the true generator distribution (not just its empirical version from a fixed finite set of samples z_i)? While agreeing these are problematic, the other reviewers judged that the manuscript was useful first step in understanding the role of overparameterization in GANs and thus still recommend acceptance. And importantly, this paper is the first to study this question theoretically.

I also read the paper in more details. I have a feeling that some aspects of this work were already developed in the supervised learning literature; but the gradient descent-ascent dynamic aspect appears novel to me and the important question of the role of overparameterization here is both timely, novel and quite interesting. I side with R1, R2 and R4: this paper is an interesting first step, and thus I recommend acceptance. See below for additional comments to be taken in consideration for the camera ready version.

### Some detailed comments
- Beginning of section 2.3: please be clearer early on that you will keep V fixed to a random initialization rather than learning it. The fact that this is standard in some other papers is not a reason to not be clear about it.
- Theorem 2.2: in the closed form of the objective when $d$ is explicitly optimized, we are back to a more standard supervised learning formulation, for example (5) could look like regression. The authors should be more clear about this, and also mention in the main text that the core technical part used to prove Theorem 2.2 is from Oymak & Soltanolkotabi 2020 (which considers supervised learning). This should also a bit more clear in the introduction -- it seems to me that the main novelty of the work is to look at the gradient-descent dynamic, which is a bit different than the supervised learning setup, even though some parts are quite related (like the full maximization with respect to $d$).
- p.6 equation (8): typo -- the  $-\mu d_t$ term is redundant and should be removed as already included from $\nabla_d h(d,\theta)$.
- p.7 "numerical validations" paragraph: Please describe more clearly what is the meaning of "final MSE". Is this a global saddle point (and thus shows the limit of the generator to match the empirical mean), or is this coming from slowness of convergence of the method (e.g. after a fixed number of iterations, or according to some stopping criterion?). Please clarify.


Generated Summary 339:
Minor: This is a well-researched work on the long-tailed nature of deep learning. The authors are encouraged to simplify some notations. The organizations also can be reconsidered. Yes, the authors plan to release their code and data in the near future. Some important findings in the paper are based on the results of one single dataset. Some of the findings in this paper are supported with strong theoretical proof and empirical results.
Gold Metareview 339:
Meta Review: The paper studies the intersection between fairness, privacy, and accuracy. Reviewers are overall positive about the novel insights that the paper provides. Minor concerns are well covered by the rebuttal.

Generated Summary 340:
A] I think this paper would make for nice discussions at ICLR, because it is (to my knowledge) the first that presents a deep implementation of the conformal prediction paradigm. However, there are a couple of issues, which is why I think it is definitely not a must have at icl. The concrete, deep implementation is rather straightforward and substandard for IClr: features are taken from an existing, trained SOTA DNN, then input KDE, based on which for each class the quantiles are computed (using a validation set). Thus, feature and hypothesis learning are not coupled, and the approach requires quite a lot of samples per class (however, oftentimes in multi-label prediction we observe a Zipf law, ie many classes have fewer than five examples). Furthermore, there is no coupling between the classes; each class is learned separately; very unlikely this will
Gold Metareview 340:
The paper presents a conformal prediction approach to supervised classification, with the goal of reducing the overconfidence of standard soft-max learning techniques. The proposal is based on previously published methods, which are extended for use with deep learning predictors. Empirical evaluation suggests the proposal results in competitive performance. This work seems to be timely, and the topic is of interest to the community.

The reviewers and AC opinions were mixed, with reviewers either being unconvinced about the novelty of the proposed work or expressing issues about the strength of the empirical evidence supporting the claims. Additional experiments would significantly strengthen this submission.

Generated Summary 341:
### Strengths This paper provides a new confidence set estimation approach for linear contextual bandit based on the pessimism principle. It also proves lower bounds for classes of linear context bandit problems indexed by $qin[1, infty]$ and shows that $widehawki_inft_y$ is adaptively minimax optimal for all classes of problems. ### Weaknesses Minor issues: This paper is well-written and easy to follow. However, it lacks empirical evaluation and I doubt its real-world applicability.
Gold Metareview 341:
The reviewers are in agreement that this paper provides a minimax optimal solution to the problem of offline linear contextual bandits. This new family of learning rules beat state of the art approaches and provide a unified view on existing approaches, such as Lower Confidence Bound and Bellman-Consistent Pessimism. The theoretical results are backed by reasonable numerical simulations. Accept. 

Generated Summary 342:
The reviewer is confident but not absolutely certain that the evaluation is correct - LDCT denoising in the frequency domain with the combination of L1 and MS-SSIM loss. Recommendation: Refusing to recommend a dual U-net in both frequency and image domain to denoise low-dose CT images. Refuse to recommend that the authors perform a Dual U-Net in both Frequency and Image Domain (Frequency) and Image (Image Domain).
Gold Metareview 342:
Interesting idea, well written paper. I suggest the authors to include and compare with relevant previous work as suggested by the reviewers.

Generated Summary 343:
The paper is largely OK from a readability point of view. The abstract and introduction which motivate the problem are very good. But I believe it was more combining existing approaches and techniques to solve the problem rather than coming up with new learning techniques from scratch. I'm not making a judgement here, just something to consider with this work going forward. I would have liked to see a more detailed explanation/discussion of the approach taken.
Gold Metareview 343:
Summary:
This paper provides an interesting and unique challenge problem on human-AI collaboration, with sample baselines. I think this is an extremely important topic and the community should embrace such challenge problems.

Discussion:
Reviewers agreed this paper should be accepted, particularly after seeing that ICLR has accepted such challenge papers in the past.

Recommendation:
I'd really like to see this get a spotlight as it would be great to highlight this innovative challenge to the community. 

Generated Summary 344:
I think overall I appreciate the idea behind the work. I think the work is quite novel, and it also connects to bodies of literature (hopfield networks -- attractors based and more mainstream GRU/LSTM nets). Here are some notes that I have: Denoising a recurrent neural network should be compared to other regularization techniques. Unfortunately, the experiments are seriously lacking in my opinion, as I believe *the major focus* of those experiments should be comparisons to other denoising techniques.
Gold Metareview 344:
The paper is well written and develops a novel and original architecture and technique for RNNs to learn attractors for their hidden states (based on an auxiliary denoising training of an attractor network). All reviewers and AC found the idea very interesting and a promising direction of research for RNNs. However all also agreed that the experimental validation was currently too limited, in type and size of task and data, as in scope. Reviewers demand experimental comparisons with other (simpler) denoising / regularization techniques; more in depth experimental validation and analysis of the state-denoising behaviour; as well as experiments on larger datasets and more ambitious tasks. 

Generated Summary 345:
Confidence: 3: The reviewer is fairly confident that the evaluation is correct The biggest strength of the paper is clearly the development of a large-scale polyp pathology dataset with object-level bounding box, segmentation annotations, and pathology labels. The evaluation against other baselines seems extensive and well performed. The reviewers review the assumption, data preparation, training, model selection and evaluations hinder the manuscript.
Gold Metareview 345:
The methodological contributions and technical novelties are relatively small, but the dataset is very useful. Therefore, if the authors want to claim that the dataset is a major contribution, the dataset should be publicly released; otherwise, this contribution cannot be realized.


Generated Summary 346:
Summary: - "For the application of recognition..." EQUATION (1) - ML and AI community. - Locke, Locke & Locke.   (https://doi.org/10.1016/j.aia.000007>)  [http://www.harvard.ac.uk/content/handle/articles/problemset/problems/Analysis_of_Recognition]
Gold Metareview 346:
The reviewers all appreciated the novel concept behind the work. I agree with this, I think the principles behind the work are novel and interesting, and I would encourage the authors to improve the validation of this method and publish it in the future.

However, reviewers also raised a number of issues with the current paper: (1) the evaluation appears a bit preliminary, and could be improved significantly with additional datasets and more ablations/comparisons; (2) it's not clear if the improvements from the method are especially significant; (3) the writing could be improved (I do see that the authors made a significant number of changes and improved parts of the paper in response to reviewer concerns to a degree). Probably the writing issues could be fixed, but the skepticism about the experiment results seems harder to address, and while I recognize that the authors made an effort to point some existing ablations in the paper that do address parts of what the reviewers raised, I do think that in the balance the experimental results leave the validation of the work as somewhat borderline.

While less important for the decision, I found that the paper is somewhat overselling the contribution in the opening -- while the particular concept of using gradients as features in this way is interesting, similar ideas have been proposed in the past, and the paper would probably be better if it was more clearly positioned in the context of prior work rather than trying to present a new "framework" like this. It kind of feels like it's biting off too much in the opening, and then delivering a comparatively more modest (but novel and interesting!) technical component.

Generated Summary 347:
A model-based approach with representation balancing (RepB-SDE) to cope with the distribution shift of offline reinforcement learning. The authors propose a robust representation for the model learning process, which regularizes the distance between the data distribution and the discount stationary distribution of the target policy in the representation space. Strong points: The presentation is very dense and quite hard to grasp, even with the Appendix. Recommendation: Borderline accept.
Gold Metareview 347:
The paper studies offline RL, which is an important topic in high risk domains. Compared with the existing works, this paper gives a tractable method to explicitly learn the model representation w.r.t the stationary distributions of two policies. This method is pretty general and could be paired with other pessimistic model-based RL methods.

The experiments are limited to simpler domains, and could be extended to include harder tasks from other continuous control domains. Some examples could be domains such as in Robosuite (http://robosuite.ai/) or Robogym (https://github.com/openai/robogym). These environments have higher dimensional systems with clearer implications of representation learning. 

There are concerns on writing style and comprehension. 
- The work is on the one hand very specialized, on the other hand just an incremental modification of existing methods. 
- The presentation is very dense and quite hard to grasp, even with the Appendix.
- The formalism, while important, can be very loose in terms of bounds. While that does open questions in RL theory, it would be useful for authors to be more candid about this fact in the paper. 
I would recommend including the response to R1 in the paper.

Other relevant and concurrent papers to potentially take note of:
- Fine-Tuning Offline Reinforcement Learning with Model-Based Policy Optimization (https://openreview.net/forum?id=wiSgdeJ29ee) 
- Robust Offline Reinforcement Learning from Low-Quality Data (https://openreview.net/forum?id=uOjm_xqKEoX)

Given the overall positive reviews, I would recommend acceptance. However, the method would benefit from additional pass on re-writing to make the manuscript more accessible, which in turn to increase impact of this work. 

Generated Summary 348:
Multi-Task Learning and Disentanglement: An Empirical Analyse of the Effect of Multitask Learning on the Diffusion Quality of the Learned Latent Representation. Recommendation: 3: You are fairly confident in your assessment of this paper. The paper presents a reasonable evaluation setup (e.g. they include lots of different metrics, which I liked) The paper provides an empirical analysis of the effect of multi-task learning on the disentangling quality of the learned latent representation. The authors report the experimental results on three synthetic datasets, comparing a hard parameter sharing strategy with a shared backbone and separate task-specific heads with the single-task case and random initialized networks.
Gold Metareview 348:
This paper aims to look at the relationship between disentanglement
and multi-task learning.  The authors claim to show that disentanglement
emerges naturally from MTL.

The main discussion was whether the claim that disentanglement emerges
naturally from MTL has been adequately demonstrated.  The main  
issue is that MTL results in more extraction of information and that
is hard to disentangle from the disentanglement metrics used.

Reviewers agreed the work was interesting but not as complete as would
be desirable.  I also feel it is not ready for ICLR presentation, but  
with further work could be a nice future contribution.

Generated Summary 349:
summary: Confidence: 3: This paper proposes a CNN-based (specifically GAN-based) solution to tackle image synthesis using sparse coding concept. The proposed method proposes to decompose original ML-CSC into two consecutive yet independent processes. It claims that the two functions are easier to learn. It also proves and adds image regularisation such as DIP into the framework.
Gold Metareview 349:
This paper introduces sparse modeling-inspired regularizations to improve deep neural network-based image generators. Experimental results on both (low-resolution) image synthesis and deep image prior-based inverse problems are used to validate the proposed method.
The majority of the reviewers were against the acceptance of the paper. As summarized by Reviewer tsoA: "There are shortcomings in the overall concept as well as its evaluation. The findings suggest that this might be a promising avenue of research, but it would need to be taken further. At present, the paper boils down too much into simply adding a simple regularizer at the end and observing that it somewhat improves some metrics in a limited number of scenarios. Due to the limitations of the evaluation, it remains unclear whether the proposed improvement carries over to state of the art models and datasets. Similarly, the promised elucidation of the purpose of the feature values never really materializes." The AC agrees with that summarization and recommends rejection.

Generated Summary 350:
Rating: 2: You are willing to defend your assessment, but it is quite likely that you did not understand the central parts of the submission or that you are unfamiliar with some pieces of related work Rating: 5: Borderline accept: Technically solid paper where reasons to accept outweigh reasons to reject, e.g., limited evaluation. Math/other details were not carefully checked. The contributions are clear and novel and the theoretical analysis seems rigorous (although I am not an expert on ridglet analysis and universality proofs). While the work seems quite rigorous, the authors do not comment much on their final result.
Gold Metareview 350:
The paper studies the approximation properties of group convolutional neural networks. It establishes the “cc-universality” of group CNNs, i.e. that such networks can approximate any continuous function over any compact set, using a new constructive approach which is based on a generalization of the ridgelet transform. The proof is constructive, in the sense that approximating networks are given in closed form by discretizing the transform. This approach may have applications beyond the scope of the paper — most immediately, to identifying classes of functions for which neural network approximations are accurate in a quantitative sense; this can be tied to the decay properties of the ridgelet transform. Reviewers found the paper to be clearly written and of high technical quality, albeit somewhat mathematically dense in its presentation. Universal approximation theorems provide an important piece of theoretical background, as well as a “sanity check” for new network architectures; having a unified, constructive approach to derive them could stimulate further work. 

Generated Summary 351:
I would suggest the authors turn down the claims in the paper. The author's experimental results are not good enough to support the claim that texture sliding is a proxy to learning 3D geometric details. The main idea is to train a network to learn the 2D offset in the UV space for a given pose and view. Also, the proposed subdivision step seems harmful in Table 2 (and not helpful in Sup.Mat. Table 1), and it is unexpected to me: I think would be good including a comment in the text
Gold Metareview 351:
The 4 reviewers all had a consistent view of this paper:  concern that the scope of the work was overstated (paper claims, without evidence, to apply in more generality than the 1 example scenario shown); concern about the difficulty of implementing this approach (1 TSNN required for each rendered viewpoint); and lack of examples showing how the method performs under more challenging scenarios.

The AC encourages the authors to revise the work in response to the reviews.  That would involve additional experimentation and examples, and some attention to revising the manuscript.   After two of the reviewers complained of lack of clarity in the algorithm description, the authors replied, "We explain our algorithm in the paper; the reader can refer to our code for implementation details."  I hope the authors can be more responsive to the readers' concerns than that in their revisions.

Generated Summary 352:
A well-documented and explained benchmark for brain tumor classification and patch-based contrastive representation learning. The authors well documented the need for this dataset through their prior work and sound arguments regarding the specifications of an ideal system for brain tumour surgery. Additionally, enough details are provided for reproducibility. OpenSRH and light-microscopic (traditional) histopathology - this is a very strong contribution to the literature/NeurIPS
Gold Metareview 352:
There are contrasting review rating ranging from 9 to 3. The reasonable concerns about this paper not been well validated for ML community. The proposed datasets has been benchmarked with some classical and some relevant DL methods. I have taken into account the expertise of reviewers and their concerns carefully. I do agree with some reviewers opinion about this dataset will be importance to medical CV community. I do agree with authors response "The open questions for the ML community that OpenSRH may foster innovative discoveries include the following: 1) domain adaptation between SRH images and other histology images such as H&E images in the large scale TCGA project; 2) using multiple instance learning (MIL) to avoid expensive dense patch annotations; 3) different aggregation methods for patch-based training, including clustering, attention, or MIL; 4) self supervised learning and comparing different augmentation strategies for SRH images; and 5) data efficient training of ViT architectures using SRH data. " Even though the authors have not verified these innovative applications on the openSRH dataset. I will go with acceptance opinion of few reviewers for this paper.

Generated Summary 353:
7: Good paper, accept confidence: 3: The reviewer is fairly confident that the evaluation is correct, based on extensive measurements on real hardware, and a benchmark / dataset 1. The text and figures are difficult to read, as they should have a slightly bigger font size. However, the authors' datasets, which contain inference time and power usage measurements for several different hardware devices, should make it easier for researchers to experiment with NAS algorithms for finding better accuracy/inference time tradeoffs on a specific hardware device, however, the submission convinces that many existing NAS benchmarks focus only on accuracy, or only provide very limited data about inference times.
Gold Metareview 353:
This paper presents a new NAS benchmarks for hardware-aware NAS. For each of the architectures in the search space of NAS-Bench-201, it measures hardware performance (energy cost and latency) for six different hardware devices. This is extremely useful for the NAS research community, since it takes very specialized hardware domain knowledge (including machine learning development frameworks, device compilation, embedded systems, and device measurements) as well as the hardware to make these hardware-aware measurements on as many as six (very different) devices. 

The code has been made available to the reviewers during the author response window and has been checked by the reviewers in the meantime. All reviewers appreciated the paper and gave (clear) acceptance scores. 

Before this work, it was very hard for the average NAS researcher to assess their method properly in a hardware-aware setting, and I expect this work to change this, and to open up the very important field of hardware-aware NAS to many more researchers. For this reason I recommend to accept this paper as a spotlight.



Generated Summary 354:
Learning one-hidden-layer neural networks with Gaussian mixture input in the teacher-student setting. This paper provides a precise theorem to guarantee the convergence of this algorithm, and studies how the learning process can depend on a very small dimension (d = 5) for which these simulations were performed. I have raised my grade from 3 to 4 (and I would grade the current state of the paper between 4 and 5). However, I still believe that the paper oversells its results and analysis, although in a much less strong manner.
Gold Metareview 354:
This paper gives a way to learn one-hidden-layer neural networks on when the input comes from Gaussian mixture model. The main algorithm uses [Janzamin et al. 2014] as an initialization and then performs gradient descent. The main contribution of this paper is 1. to give a characterization of sample complexity for estimating the moment tensors when the input distribution comes from a mixture of Gaussian; 2. to give a local convergence result when the samples come from a mixture of Gaussian. The paper claims certain behavior in the input data would make the problem harder and slow down the convergence, although the claim is based on an upperbound and would be stronger if there is some corresponding lowerbound.

Generated Summary 355:
Confidence: 3: The reviewer is fairly confident that the evaluation is correct. Tackling an interesting medical problem to provide real-time information to the examiner. The authors identify correctly weaknesses in their method, i.e. overfitting of the networks. The approach itself is also potentially interesting. The reviewers' opinions are based on a number of factors, including the author's own experience with the subject.
Gold Metareview 355:
The review highlights numerous problems with the current progress of the work. While MIDL encourages early submission of ongoing research as short paper, this work is not mature enough for publication. I therefore recommend rejection.

Generated Summary 356:
Summary: Confidence: 3: You are fairly confident in your assessment of this paper. This paper is well written, proposes a novel approach to obtain a scoring function given a set of rules and a KG, and has convincing experimental results. The only criticism I’d have is some missing related work. The authors cite exhaustively from the literature on knowledge graph embedding methods and rule-based approaches. However, there is a large body of work in the statistical relational learning community, focusing precisely on computing a score function (here: marginal probability or MAP state; and/or computing rule weights) in large probabilistic models defined through weighted rules. Below are two representative examples who proposed (among other things) column generation techniques and formulating the problem as an ILP.
Gold Metareview 356:
The paper shows how to make use of a linear program for extracting logical rules for knowledge graph completion. Overall, the reviewers and I agree that this is an interesting and important direction for research. Moreover, the presented approach shows good performance with rather small sets of rules extracted. However, all reviewers point out that the related work is not well discussed. While the authors have improved the related work sections during the rolling discussion, overall the positioning of the new method has still to be improved, including a better empirical comparison across different datasets. Overall, we would like to encourage the authors to polish their line of research based on the feedback from the reviews.

Generated Summary 357:
This paper proposes a new black-box attack that assumes access to loss-oracle of the target model. It also provides a novel formulation of how the action space of perturbation should be searched by optimizing a surrogate reward function over a low-dimensional space comprising image block location and a PCA-based feature. CorrAttack-Flip is a Bayesian optimization approach for generating black box adversarial attacks based on slowly-varying contextual bandits. It achieves query efficiency and success rate which are not too far away from the current state of the art. The paper is clearly written.
Gold Metareview 357:
The paper presents a new Bayesian optimization method based on the Gaussian process bandits framework for black-box adversarial attacks. The method achieves good performance in the experiments, which was appreciated by all the reviewers.

At the same time, the presentation of the method is quite confusing, which currently precludes acceptance of the paper. In particular, during the discussion phase the reviewers were not able to decipher the algorithm based on the description presented in the paper. It is not clear how the problem is modeled as a bandit problem, what the loss function $\ell$ is minimized and why minimizing it makes sense (assuming, e.g., that $\ell$ it the hinge loss as suggested and the initial prediction is good with a large margin, that is, the loss is zero, equation 6 never changes $x_t$ when the procedure is started from $x$). This connection, since it is the fundamental contribution of the paper, should be much better explained. Once the problem is set up to estimate (maximize?) the reward, it is changed to calculating the difference in the minimization (cf. equation 11), which is again unmotivated. (Other standard aspects of the algorithm should also be explained properly, e.g., the stopping condition of Algorithm 1)

Unfortunately, the paper is written in a mathematically very imprecise manner. As an example, consider equation (6), where $B_p$ and the projection operator are not defined, and while these can be guessed, a projection of the argmin seems to be missing as well in the end (otherwise nothing guarantees that $x_T$, which is the final outcome of the algorithm, remains in the $L_p$ ball). Another example is the $Discrete\ Approximate\ CorrAttack_{Flip}$ paragraph which requires that every coordinate of $x$ should be changed by  $\pm\epsilon$. It is also not clear what "dividing the image into several blocks" means in Section 4.1 (e.g., are these overlapping, do they cover the whole image, etc., not to mention that previously $x$ was a general input, not necessarily an image). It is also unlikely that the stopping condition in Algorithm 1 would use the exact same $\epsilon$ for the acquisition function as the perturbation radius for adversarial examples, etc. While some of these inaccuracies and unclear definitions are also mentioned in the reviews, unfortunately there are more in the paper.

The authors are encouraged to resubmit the paper to the next venue after significantly improving and cleaning up the presentation.



Generated Summary 358:
Summary: This paper proposes a differential critic that learns the preference direction from pairwise preferences to match the distribution of part of the dataset called the 'desired data distribution', instead of the whole dataset as usual done in the context of GANs. The authors propose to use an additional set S of pairwise samples (X_1,X_2) called the set of preferences to guide the training of a GAN. This set specifies that the user prefers sample X_1. This provides an additional information during training to favor samples that are similar to the desired data. The author then propose to encourage the critic to give a higher score to sample x_1 and a lower score to samples x2 . This is achieved by adding a penalty to the WGAN loss.
Gold Metareview 358:
The paper presents a method to regularize the discriminator in  GAN training with a ranking loss based on the user preference for a desired set within a larger dataset. The tradeoff between GAN loss and preference loss dependence on the distance of the set to the full dataset and the authors consider two regimes : "small and major correction". A major correction is needed when the targeted set is very different from the whole density, authors propose in this scenario to replace samples from the data by samples from the generator. The setting in the paper is interesting and can be useful in practice. 

There was a lengthy discussions between the authors and the reviewers, the discussion pinpointed issues , some of them were addressed in the rebuttal . Some issues remain unanswered regarding the clarity and some claims in the paper.

The clarity of the paper needs further improvement and  1)  clarify section 3  the setup and the background section   2)  justify claims about the method, in  the strong correction scenario  when fresh generated samples are introduced how  is this an effective procedure? (conceptually / theoretically). 


Generated Summary 359:
Rating: 2: You are willing to defend your assessment, but it is quite likely that you did not understand the central parts of the submission or that you are unfamiliar with some pieces of related work. Math/other details were not carefully checked. Yes - unified regret analysis for kernel bandits with soft constraints using primal-dual optimization and sublinear reward regret and total constraint violation when UCB or TS type of exploration is utilized.
Gold Metareview 359:
The paper provides new techniques (algorithmic as well as analytical) to solve black box optimization of smooth functions with constraints. The reviewers are largely in favor of the paper's contributions, and the author responses have helped to clarify several aspects of the presentation and connections to existing work. Therefore, I recommend that the paper be accepted.  

Generated Summary 360:
**Summary**: This paper studies the problem of learning cooperative behaviors in social dilemma problems for multi-agent deep RL with independent agents. The authors propose a simple loss that emphasizes the "status quo", which increases the emphasis on the one-step reward, to force agents to avoid short-term exploitation. To extend this idea to a temporally-extended sequential setup, the authors introduce a clustering algorithm that reduces the game into a matrix game with "cooperate" and "defect" options. This paper does not current convince me that the proposed solution SQLoss actually solves the cooperation problem (discussion below).
Gold Metareview 360:
In general there is agreement under reviewers that the ideas/method presented are somewhat interesting/promising but also that the paper lacks a lot of clarity. Reviewers agree that the paper needs more work (on the method) and more extensive experiments to be convincing, and that in its current form it is not mature enough for publication at ICLR.

Generated Summary 361:
This paper proposes a differentially private and communication-efficient method to aggregate the client updates in federated learning. The method is based on a recently proposed compression technique relative entropy coding (REC). The authors further modify this technique to satisfy differential privacy guarantees and perform various experiments to back their claims. Confidence: 3: You are fairly confident in your assessment. This paper presents a discrete-time approach to aggregating client updates.
Gold Metareview 361:
This submission describes an approach to compressing the communication in federated learning. The key idea is using a set of random samples from a prior distribution and then performing importance weighed sampling. The work performs an analysis of the privacy guarantees of this process and experimental evaluation.
The main issue with this work is the authors appear to be unaware that the basic problem they pose is solved in a more comprehensive and lossless way in a recent work https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.12099 (Feldman and Talwar, ICML 2021). That work shows that any differentially private randomizer can be compressed via a simpler algorithm that performs rejection sampling using a PRG. The algorithm does not loose privacy or utility (under standard cryptographic assumptions) while guaranteeing low communication. In contrast this work loses significantly in utility and provides opaque privacy guarantees.
This submission analyzes  a randomized that adds Gaussian distribution and, in particular, the compression technique in (Feldman and Talwar) applies to it. The technique proposed in this work is very similar in spirit (with prior distribution corresponding to reference distribution in the earlier work.
In light of the earlier work I do not think the contributions in this submission are sufficient for publication.

Generated Summary 362:
Adaptive Policy Extraction (APEX) is a promising approach to learning a policy network from an expert using DAGGER and GPS. The paper provides a clear description of the essential components of the algorithms and the result is also quite strong. Rating: 6: Marginally above acceptance threshold confidence: 3: The reviewer is fairly confident that the evaluation is correct - APEX is an approach that learns the policy from the expert.
Gold Metareview 362:
This paper proposes a method to solve high-dimensional, continuous robotic tasks offering a trajectory optimization and a distill policy. The paper is well-written and the work is promising. It is very relevant for the robotics and RL communities.

Generated Summary 363:
### Strengths: 1. A gradient-based approach to Offline MBO optimization, based on a proposed bidirectional objective that encourages designs to be found that not only achieve high performance under an approximation of the objective function f_theta (X) for an unknown function. 2. The authors provide a good insight on why the bidirectional learning helps mitigate the distributional shift issue in 3.3. 3. Experiment results show strong performance of the proposed method.
Gold Metareview 363:
This paper studies Offline Model-Based Optimization. This paper proposes a gradient-based method for solving Offline MBO problems using infinite-width Deep learning models.
The key novelty of the paper is in proposed use of a distillation objective to constrain the optimized design-score pairs.

All three reviewers identify the novelty of the problem and the approach. 
The paper also presents strong empirical evaluation on standard benchmarks. 

The rebuttal discusses yielded constructive changes in the paper, and the authors are expected to account for the discussion and suggestions in the next iteration of the manuscipt. 
The AC concurs with the reviews and the discussion thereafter. 

Generated Summary 364:
Review the paper. Identify the strengths and weaknesses of the work. Evaluate the author's understanding of the problem and its implications. Examine the paper's overall quality. Ensure that the paper is a strong accept for the problem. Describe the problem in more detail. Specify the strengths of the paper and its potential applications. Rank the paper based on the following criteria: (i) The paper is an integer optimization problem, that minimises the Wasserstein distance between unlabelled pool of data. (ii) It is formulated as a large-scale mixed integer programming, and the authors propose to solve it by the GBD. - Active learning method that chooses a subset of data points to be labeled through approximating the whole dataset in terms of Wasserstein Distance.
Gold Metareview 364:
This is an interesting submission, which was overall well received by the reviewers. I would recommend the authors to discuss further the vast modern litterature on efficient computation of Wasserstein distances and their minimization (see, e.g. Peyré and Cuturi 2019, and references therein)

Generated Summary 365:
Summary: Assuming $T$ is large enough and $epsilon$ is small enough so that $sum_i=0T-1(1 - epsilion)i > 1$, and $p_Pi$ is a Dirac distribution at $pi_e$, then Theom 1 says $J(pi[e], R) > J_pi­e(p_e, R)$.
Gold Metareview 365:
This paper focuses on the problem of performing imitation learning from trajectory-level data that includes optimal as well as suboptimal demonstrations.  The authors wish to avoid the requirement of a separate filtering process that would throw away the bad trajectories.  The authors propose a clever innovation that allows for leveraging the policy that is itself being learned to reweight the samples for a next round of weighted behavioral cloning.  The paper is also somewhat theoretically rigorous and provides insight into the problem. 

The reviewers pointed out some initial issues related to clarity and the authors did a good job of addressing reviewer concerns.  Ultimately all reviewers agreed that the core innovation of the paper was interesting and empirically worked reasonably well.  

One older line of work that I think is quite relevant, but which is not discussed, is the empirically observed "clean-up effect", described by Michie and colleagues in the 90s (e.g. "Learning to fly" Sammut et al 1992).  This clean-up effect is intuitive and reportedly achieved for free in settings where the learning objective is mode-seeking and the dataset is large, insofar as the mean value of the resulting policy *should* produce actions that corresponds to the average action produced by demonstrators in the same situation.  I think it would be worth discussing how the analysis of this paper relates to this empirical phenomenon. In particular, it would be worth clarifying in what regimes the suboptimality of training from a dataset with noisy examples arises and how likely this is to effect the mean value of the learned policy (for context, it is fairly common in practice to evaluate the student policy in BC settings by only using the mean action value; perhaps this point was present in the paper, and I missed it). From a certain perspective, the innovation of this paper is to accentuate the clean-up effect.

As noted by a reviewer, and subsequently incorporated into the paper, the actual algorithm has some similarities to versions of recent "offline RL" algorithms (though of course it does not leverage rewards).  In particular, the motif of performing a weighted regression could perhaps be a bit more thoroughly contextualized by connecting it to other weighting factors (e.g. see Critic Regularized Regression).  That said, I leave this entirely to the discretion of the authors.

The final scores were 8, 7, & 6.  I see this as a strong paper and will endorse it for a spotlight.

Generated Summary 366:
### Strengths: - I am familiar with idea of learning invariant representations and have seen it work in practice. The idea to learn sensitivity using equivariance to symmetry group transformations to learn such representations. Moreover, I think the introduction is very nicely written and clearly explains the intuition of the idea. - The further experiments on CIFAR-10, ImageNet, and Photonic Crystals show a clear benefit to the method. In particular, I like the combination of standard benchmark datasets and good baselines as well as interesting application domains where the proposed method may be truly be useful.
Gold Metareview 366:
This paper proposes an extra loss to add on top of the contrastive learning. The contrastive learning seek representations invariant to transformation, while the extra loss the authors proposed encourage representations to be equivariant to the transformation (i.e. retain information about transformation in later representations). While reviewers and I agree this is a sensible motivation, and acknowledge good results that authors have obtained, the fact that most, if not all, improvement is combing from the 4-way rotation transformation is a bit unsatisfactory. Furthermore, this additional loss was proposed before and is actually quite well known, so the actual novelty in the proposed technique is somewhat limited. Nevertheless, this paper provides a comprehensive evaluation, obtaining a reasonable improvement, and makes a good case for using an equivariant seeking loss. The authors are strongly encouraged to release their code (including training details for reproducing ImageNet results) as the improvements they present are central to the acceptance.

Generated Summary 367:
This paper proposes using language as a form of embodied feedback for LLM-based robot planning. Three types of feedback, i.e. success detection, passive and active scene descriptions, are expressed in language to show how they improve the success rate for planning in simulated and real-world domains. This work extends prior algorithms for robotic planning with LLMs to incorporate feedback, which increases tasks success rate in presence of imperfect low-level control and a dynamic environment.
Gold Metareview 367:
This paper presents a closed loop planning system that leverages LLMs for providing candidate plans given the success of action execution and the world state. Central to the approach is querying the LLM given the instruction and text prompts capturing success of skill execution and a description of the scene. 

This is a systems oriented paper demonstrating and evaluating the utility of a LLM for interleaved planning and execution. The paper is well organised and clearly written. The results highlight the utility of LLMs to enable task execution before an explicit learning of a task model (given primitive robot skills amenable to composition). Further, experiments demonstrate contextual plan adaptation and success goal reaching for simulated and real data sets. 

The main limitation of the work was observed to be the specialised nature of feedback prompts necessary for successful task execution. A clarification was sought if the proposed system has a principled way to determining the necessary feedback and to what extent the feedback is to be adjusted for long-running plans. In response, the authors clarified that the feedback is not hand crafted. Further,  the authors articulated their contribution towards demonstrating  the ability of LLM-based planners to integrated multi-modal feedback without focusing on the specific problem of determine how much or how best such a feedback may be generated. In response to a reviewer’s suggestion, the authors provided a comparison of models with and without feedback with an increase in the task horizon. 

Additionally, the reviewers inquired the degree to which plan recovery is possible in the proposed framework. In response, the authors drew attention to results where plan adaptation occurs when an object falls is no longer in the reachable workspace. The reviewers further requested for a comparison with a baseline that searches over a set of high-candidate plans. As suggested, the authors provided a comparison with a Next Best Decoding that uses the next most likely skill. 

Overall, the inclusion of new experimental insights strengthens the paper. A clear articulation of the technical advance in relation to Zang et al. 2022 is also recommended in the main manuscript. 

Generated Summary 368:
A good paper with a good evaluation scheme and a clear explanation of the application of the proposed work to video compressions. It is a very good paper, and I would recommend it to anyone interested in video compression. Good paper, accept confidence: 2: The reviewer is willing to defend the evaluation, but it is quite likely that the reviewer did not understand central parts of the paper The paper introduces a dataset and benchmark for video compression, produced by new compression standards. The benchmark consists of 2045 videos and 10,800 viewers and the authors provide assessment results on the open parts.
Gold Metareview 368:
The submission receives 5 reviews form 5 reviewers and all are positive about the proposed dataset presented in the submission. AC reads all reviews and discussions and agree with the reviewers. AC recommends to accept the submission as a spotlight.

Generated Summary 369:
Pros. - The authors try to accelerate the computation of NTK with general activation functions. For the q-homogeneous dual kernel, the authors extend the finite Hermite polynomials approximation technique (Daniely et al. 2016). A method is proposed to compute the dual kernel of the derivative of activations without knowing the activations. The proposed sketching technique extends the technique to homogeneous kernels (w.r.t more general activations) with rapidly convergent Taylor expansion.
Gold Metareview 369:
Most prior works on neural kernels have focused on using the ReLU activation. In this work, the authors provide new methods that can approximate multi-layered Neural Network Gaussian Process (NNGP) kernels and Neural Tangent Kernel (NTK) matrices for a wide range of activation functions. All the four reviewers recommended acceptance of the paper.

Generated Summary 370:
Weakness: - Anoformer detects anomaly based on the entire input or the subsequence of the input. - The transformer-based GAN framework for time series anomaly detection is not novel and has been proposed in [1], which is not cited and discussed in this paper. The related work section should be more specific (e.g. $epsilon$ in Line 185, how it is randomly sampled, with uniform random or normal random? And what is $P_X'$ in line 186? - Confidence: 4: You are confident in your assessment, but not absolutely certain, that you did not understand some parts of the submission or that you are unfamiliar with some pieces of related work. This paper tackles the task of detecting and localizing anomalies in time series data.
Gold Metareview 370:
This paper proposes a transformer-based GAN method and a two-step masking mechanism for time series anomaly detection. The proposed method is demonstrated on a variety of datasets. 

After rebuttals, both Reviewer 73J5 and Reviewer W6VQ remained negative. The main concern is the novelty and significance of the proposed method. 

Generated Summary 371:
A new method for geometry-consistent neural implicit surfaces learning. The proposed method includes a theoretical analysis of the gap between volume rendering and point-based SDF modeling and a solution by leveraging sparse points from SFM and utilizing patchmatch to provide geometry consistent supervision. This paper is well organized, and the evaluations are sufficient to support the proposed method. Rating: 5: Borderline accept: Technically solid paper where reasons to accept outweigh reasons to reject, e.g., limited evaluation of the bias after introducing the 2 losses (see details below) BlendedMVS is evaluated quantitatively, and I couldn't find an argument for this (L. 177 - 178).
Gold Metareview 371:
This paper introduces new and useful losses, presents a good experimental setup, supply analysis on the bias, and is clearly written. I encourage the authors to discuss similarities and differences to NeuraWarp and pointcloud->SDF methods in their revision. 

Generated Summary 372:
This paper provides three sign language datasets which by itself is already useful (sign languages are largely under-resourced/under-studied). The authors also provide in-depth analysis of the extraction process, data attributes and a few baseline accuracy numbers using a graph-convolution network. Overall the paper is very well structured, easy to follow and critical for sign language ML research in my opinion. This paper focuses on resource scarcity across sign languages and makes the following datasets contributions: a multilingual and label-aligned dataset SignCorpus comprising about 4.6K hours of signing data across 10 sign languages. a new finger-spelling dataset MultiSign-FS across 7 sign languages A hard, bold and much needed contribution for Natural Language Processing on Sign Language. The authors describe the data gathering procedure. The model architecture of the Sign2Vec pre-trained model is well described and justified.
Gold Metareview 372:
This paper presents a significant collection of unlabelled signing data (4.6K hours) across 10 sign languages, which have been pre-processed and converted to pose-keypoints to remove identifiable information. The paper also presents Multi-ISLR a multilingual dataset with label-alignment extracted from 11 other labelled datasets for 7 sign languages. Furthermore, the paper also provides a multilingual model, Sign2Vec, pre-trained on the unlabelled data, and fine-tuned on the labelled data, which shows the SOTA results for known tasks. Lastly, the paper also introduces a dataset for fingerspelling across 7 languages. It's likely that this work will pave the way for new research on multilingual signed language tasks.

**pros:**
* The paper provides a significant expansion for unlabelled and labelled signed data (previous work focused only on Indian Signed Languages)
* The data gathering procedure is well documented and justified
* The experimental results provide evidence of the value of the data.


**cons**
* For the SignCorpus there is a lack of a human verification process, that assesses the quality of the pose keypoints; i.e. whether they can be used by native signers to extract the target gloss.

Generated Summary 373:
I found the paper to be well-written and I found it to be easy to follow. The claims and the propositions in this paper are reasonable, additional experiments with various settings support the effectiveness of proposed method. 2. The time complexity of proposed BC algorithm has been lowered compared with the other methods while preserving the accuracy in top-k recovery accuracy. However, there is only Figure 3 demonstrating the improving speed in one dataset, which I found limiting. Adding a few more experiments showing the training time comparison will make the time complexity improvement more convinincing.
Gold Metareview 373:
Meta Review: This paper studies the problem of top-K recovery from a fixed set of queries. In each query, the user is presented m items and they select the item with the highest noisy utility. The authors propose a simple solution to this problem, take top-K most frequently chosen items, and prove that it is near optimal. The proposed solution is simple and valid only under strong assumptions, the utility of the query is additive in its items and the item utility noise is independent. Nevertheless, the problem is studied in depth, including a lower bound and comparison to model-based approaches to solving the problem. All reviewers liked the paper and I support acceptance.

Generated Summary 374:
The authors introduce a partially amortizized model and to plan using MPC in the latent skill space. The experiments are done in the locomotion domain and show better or comparables results wrt to DREAM. DADS is mentioned in the SoA section, it would have been interested to evaluate against it. Overall the paper is original and sufficiently empirically motivated for acceptance. The authors propose an extension of the Dreamer method (Hafner et al., 2019) to incorporate high-level planning via the cross-entropy method and temporally extended skill policies. I general however, I like how the presented algorithm mixes MI-based skill discovery with explicit supervision.
Gold Metareview 374:
This paper proposes a unified model-based framework for high-level skill learning and composition through hierarchical RL. The proposed approach combines high-level planning in a low dimensional space with low-level skill learning, where each low-level skill is a policy conditioned on the high-level task. The low-level policies are learned by using a mutual information objective. The proposed approach is evaluated on locomotion tasks, and is shown to be overall more data efficient than alternative baselines.
The reviewers agree that this work is original and sufficiently empirically motivated for acceptance. Two reviewers were concerned by the experimental setup and the transfer setting that are somehow too simple, but the authors fixed these issues in the improved version based on the feedback.

Generated Summary 375:
BVAE-TTS is a non-autoregressive speech synthesis model (outputting spectrograms), with two key advantages over the aforementioned models: (a) no autoregressive teacher model is required, as in FastSpeech, which simplifies training, and (b) fewer parameters are needed. The key strength of this paper is the architecture is new. Can the author explain the difference? Also need to cite that paper because it published in June and very related.
Gold Metareview 375:
Non autoregressive modelling for text to speech (TTS) is an important and challenging problem. This paper proposes a deep VAE approach and show promising results. Both the reviewers and the authors have engaged in a constructive discussion on the merits and claims of the paper. This paper will not be the final VAE contribution to TTS but represents a significant enough contribution to the field to warrant publication. It is highly recommended that the authors take into account the reviewers' comments.

Generated Summary 376:
A realistic evaluation of deep semi-supervised learning algorithms. Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems, 2018-December, 3235–3246. Confidence: 3: The reviewer is fairly confident that the evaluation is correct. The paper is mainly an application paper with limited methodological novelty but seems to lack some experimental rigour that let me question the validity of some of the drawn conclusions about CheXseg being the best performing approach.
Gold Metareview 376:
The motivation for using semi-supervised learning in medical imaging is clear in order to reduce the cost of acquiring dense expert annotations. This paper presents an interesting study on applying recent semi-supervised learning methods to chest x-ray segmentation. There are some conflicting reviews here but in general, the reviewers find the work interesting enough to be presented but with too limited technical novelty to justify an oral presentation.

Generated Summary 377:
A novel algorithm for multi-batch reinforcement learning with nearly minimax optimal regret and $O(H + loglog K)$ batch complexity. Additionally, authors propose polynomial time implementation, and provide a lower bound on batch complexity of order $Theta(H/log_A(K) + log log K) Rating: 6: Weak Accept: Technically solid, moderate-to-high impact paper, with no major concerns with respect to evaluation, resources, reproducibility, ethical considerations. In particular, Lemma 1 leverages a G-optimal design style result for offline reinforcement learning and the proof is delicate.
Gold Metareview 377:
The paper studies the batch RL problem, in which the algorithm first decide a switching schedule and then switch the policies based on this schedule. The proposed approach achieves a good regret upper bound matching existing non-batch algorithms (although the lower-order terms are still large). The batch complexity on the other hand matches the lower bound (up to log factors). 

The reviewers believe that the theoretical contributions are solid and qualified to be published in NeurIPS. The authors did a good a job in addressing the computation complexity in the rebuttal phase. The meta-reviewer suggests the authors to further clarify presentation issues. Also, it would be good to cite the recent RL theory papers in the tabular setting (including those with a generative model).

Generated Summary 378:
This paper proposes a tensor decomposition leveraging contrastive self-supervised learning based on the data augmentation for positive samples and the unbiased estimation of negative samples, which can align with downstream classification tasks. The proposed method optimizes the objective by using an alternating least squares algorithm. Enhanced Tensor Decomposition using Alternating Least Squares (ALS) Compared to existing CP/Tucker decompositor approaches. Weaknesses: - The discussion of classification appears to be wholly motivated by classification of samples using features (eg. classifying patients based upon EEG-related features). The nature of the classification task is heavily dependent on the application -- e.g 1.
Gold Metareview 378:
The authors proposes augmented tensor decomposition (ATD) to adapt data reconstruction towards the downstream tasks, e.g., appropriate feature clustering.  It leverages data augmentation and self-supervised learning, with optimization accomplished akin to alternating least square (ALS).  Significantly superior performance is obtained in experiment, compared with existing CP methods and ALS.    

All the reviewers, including myself, find the paper a solid contribution to the methodology and analysis. There were a few concerns and clarification requests, and the rebuttal did a good job addressing them. These additional results and insights can be included in the final version of the paper.

Generated Summary 379:
Good paper, accept confidence: 3: The reviewer is fairly confident that the evaluation is correct This paper presents a comprehensive benchmark dataset for source code processing (understanding and generation) tasks. It includes 8 preexisting datasets that were already used to evaluate some of the tasks, together with 6 newly-introduced datasets. This is a relevant contribution that will likely have a strong impact and be used by the community. This dataset suite covers a wide range of tasks (with the intention of extending it in the future)
Gold Metareview 379:
The paper proposes a comprehensive benchmark for program understanding and generation consisting of 10 tasks across 14 datasets. All the reviewers agree that this dataset has potentially be used as a standard benchmark to measure progress in this domain. Therefore, I recommend acceptance of this paper.

Generated Summary 380:
This paper explores a very important question in dynamical system identification of how to make recurrent neural networks learn both long-term and short-term dependencies without the gradient vanishing or exploding limitation. They suggest using piece-wise linear RNNs with a novel regularization technique. I found the paper interesting. My main concern has to do do with the motivation of learning line or plane attractors. For example, it could be that simply adding l2 regularization on all of the weights would also lead to better performance (rather than the specific regularization proposed), or perhaps the better performance arises from some other mechanism (undiscovered)
Gold Metareview 380:
This paper describes a clever new class of piecewise-linear RNNs that contains a long-time scale memory subsystem. The reviewers found the paper interesting and valuable, and I agree. The four submitted reviews were unanimous in their vote to accept. The theoretical insights and empirical results are impactful and would be suitable for spotlight presentation.

Generated Summary 381:
Strengths: ## Weaknesses - I think it would be a great idea to mention the dependency of the method on the observed auxiliary variable (e.g. time) is a necessary condition for the application of this approach in the abstract of the paper. ## Do the authors plan to add such results? ## Yes, I think the authors are willing to defend the evaluation, but it is quite likely that the reviewer did not understand central parts of this paper. Confidence: 4
Gold Metareview 381:
The reviewers unanimously acknowledge the clarity of the paper and the relevance of the theoretical contribution. One weakness pointed out by reviewers is the limited experimental evaluation. Overall, this constitutes a good theoretical contribution at the intersection of causal representation learning and nonlinear ICA, which we recommend for acceptance.

Generated Summary 382:
This paper is a solid, moderate-to-high impact paper, with no major concerns with respect to evaluation, resources, reproducibility, ethical considerations. This paper proposed a dataset for learning representations without access to real images, the synthetic data can help reduce the concerns about using real images in training such as human face etc. It is an excellent paper with a high impact on a wide range of areas of research.
Gold Metareview 382:
This work presents a method for training neural nets on synthetic data. This data is collected from a collection of thousands of OpenGL programs that rendered images, which are then used for representation learning. The big advantage of this approach is that it avoids of a lot of the biases that are present in natural image datasets. The proposed method is competitive for supervised and unsupervised scenarios. I find the results, especially those with finetuning (as done during the rebuttal period) relatively compelling. 

While I agree with reviewer vdrw that, on the whole, the major contribution (an image collection) is not very strong, I still think this kind of approach will be widely interesting to the NeurIPS community. Precisely because the work shows carefully (albeit empirically only) that procedurally generated datasets could be useful for representation learning, especially if you want to avoid the various pitfalls of natural image sets.

Generated Summary 383:
Rating: 5 This paper proposes new ideas in the context of deep multi-task learning for RL. Ideas seem to be a rather small (epsiilon) improvement over the cited works. The main problem - to me - with described approach is that the Q* value now lives in a much higher dimensional space, levelling any advantage a subsequent heuristic might give. Statements as 'Although this work is superficially similar to ours, it differs a lot in the details'
Gold Metareview 383:
This paper addresses an importnant and more realistic setting of multi-task RL where the reward function changes; the approach is elegant, and empirical results are convincing. The paper presents an importnant contribution to the challenging multi-task RL problem.

Generated Summary 384:
A semi-supervised approach to salient object detection in videos using a combination of pseudo-label prediction and adversarial noise reduction training. The authors demonstrate the use in multiple datasets and show competitive results for semi supervised approach. Strengths - The idea of using temporal information for generating semantically matching pseudo labels is an interesting approach. While optical flow base warping is generally used for temporal consistency, there are errors and drawbacks in optical flow based warping.
Gold Metareview 384:
In this paper the authors propose an approach for semi-supervised salient object detection using a combination of pseudo-label prediction and adversarial training, showing improved results on a number of benchmarks. Some concerns about more detailed analysis of aspects of the approach were raised, but seemed to be mostly addressed in the authors’ response. Some reviewers also expressed concerns about there being sufficient technical contributions, but seemed satisfied enough with the analysis and strong positive results. 

Generated Summary 385:
a. The authors propose a method for latent domain learning where input data come from different domains and the domain labels are unknown. The dynamic residual adapter acts as a mixture of expert layer and weighted domain transfer which augments the dataset by interpolating between different input pairs. Empirical results show that when combined, the proposed method perform better than training a regular model. d. With PACS dataset, you have experimented with the model (k-means+RA).
Gold Metareview 385:
While all reviewers agree that the topic is interesting and the work has merit, several issues have been pointed out, especially by R1 and R3, that indicate that the work is not  ready for acceptance at this stage. the authors are strongly encouraged to continue to work on this topic, taking into account the feedback received.

Generated Summary 386:
Confidence: 4: The reviewer is confident, but not absolutely certain that the evaluation is correct. The authors show a new image processing through DL aplication set-up. In the framework of cell tracking, the authors show that the cell detection step in this setup can be successfully conducted using known pre-trained architectures rather than performing image reconstruction, which is more laborious and not completely solved. The major drawback is the missing manual ground truth here. While comparing the segmentation and tracking results with a baseline computational result is surely a reasonable first approximation (also here, a more sophisticated approach such as CellPose [1] might be a better choice).
Gold Metareview 386:
the reviewer's opinion was split on this paper, but after rebuttal no major concerns remained so I recommend acceptance. However, the authors should aim to incorporate the answers given to the reviewers concerns in the final version.

Generated Summary 387:
This paper presents a new way to automatically construct and train variational families for models expressed as general probabilistic programs. Given a program, it first generates many (prior) samples from $p$ to identify a collection of control flow paths that collectively have high mass under the prior. Then, a separate variational family is trained to target the restriction of the model to each control flow path. During training, control-flow paths with low ELBOs are periodically pruned, so that computation is focused on paths that appear to have relatively high posterior probability. Finally, they are combined into a mixture, with mixture weights based on estimated ELEBOs for each path. Experiments show competitive performance against other fully automated inference strategies.
Gold Metareview 387:
The reviewers have reached consensus after processing the authors' feedback. They all agree that this manuscript presents an interesting approach to applying variational inference in a setting of probabilistic programming that is of interest to the community. The reviewers raise tangible points that the authors have incorporated into their revision. I recommend that the authors continue to polish their manuscript to clearly address these points in the final version of their manuscript.

Generated Summary 388:
This paper utilizes recently proposed CLIP-ResNet/ViT visual encoders instead of the standard backbones to conduct a large-scale empirical study for several vision and language tasks. The paper conducts extensive experiments to study the generalizability of CLIP pretraining across various tasks. However, there are also some notable weaknesses: - It appears that CLIP only works well with grid-like features extracted from convolutional neural networks, i.e., Visual Encoder for Vision-and-Language Research, this paper provides a must-know baseline for vision- and-language research: using CLIP (Contrastive Language-Image Pre-training, Radford et al., 2021).
Gold Metareview 388:
Reviewers are in agreement that this work is a useful, clear, documentary piece of work that shows the utility of CLIP on a number of popular V+L tasks.  There is a somewhat persistent concern that simply demonstrating that a stronger visual encoder leads to improvements downstream is not an insightful result on which the community can build.

Generated Summary 389:
[iii] - (iv). - [vv]. - 5 [vi] . [vii] : [iv] , [viii] and [viiv]: [vvi]: ,[vv] and .[vii]: (ii) - ivv. -[iiv.] ; [viii. ]; [vviii].
Gold Metareview 389:
The authors design an algorithm for composite stochastic optimization that leverages both smoothness and strong convexity with respect to the same (general) norm, using a stochastic counterpart to recent work by Diakonikolas and Guzman. They then show how to leverage this algorithm and randomized smoothing in order to create an algorithm for constrained smooth convex optimization based on exact gradient evaluations and linear optimization computations. Compared to Frank-Wolfe, the algorithm requires strictly less gradient evaluations and parallelizes the same amount of linear optimization computations.

The paper received generally favorable reviews, with the exception of reviewer 3QVT who did not engage in discussion and whose critique I found unclear. I agree with reviewer rQnJ’s assessment that even though “all the building block are quite known in optimization community (accelerated methods, duality, Bregman distances, smoothing, etc.), the whole approach fits perfectly together and provides the reader with a number of nice and useful observations.” Consequently, I recommend acceptance.

Generated Summary 390:
This paper leverages the recent breakthrough of Masked AutoEncoders (MAE) for the domain of robotics. It shows that visual knowledge can be transferred from different domains such as ego4d into specific robotics domains thanks to MAE pretraining. strengths Evaluation of pretrained vision encoders using masked autoencoderons for real world robotics tasks, with variations of everyday scenes, as well as novel objects. # Strengths Strong accept. - While considerable work has investigated visual pre training to improve robot policy learning and for example behavior cloning, the key thing about this work compared to prior works is that it can benefit from pre training on just a big pile of images, with no assumptions about them other than that they cover a wide, diverse set of images. # It is indeed also notable that they show improvements of using ViT-Large, a 307M parameter model. For those
Gold Metareview 390:
This paper uses a masked autoencoder as visual pretraining for robot manipulation tasks. The paper shows strong results and received positive initial reviews.  The additional experiments provided during the rebuttal strengthen the paper's contribution claim. 

Generated Summary 391:
Confidence: 4.5 - This paper provides experimental evidence that such an approach is effective when dealing with different kinds of shifts in the data, obtaining good performance. The problem of group robustness is particularly challenging when some groups are underrepresented in the training data. Classical approaches use under/over-sampling, reweighting, and two-phase training to deal with this issue. The authors propose to use contrastive adapters without retraining from scratch.
Gold Metareview 391:
This paper received unanimous recommendations of acceptance from the reviewer. The authors did a good job addressing concerns from the reviewers, especially with the additional ablation studies to decouple the gains from other techniques such as SupCon. The AC agrees with the reviewers regarding the contribution of this paper and recommends acceptance.

Generated Summary 392:
4: Ok but not good enough I found the paper to be an interesting read with some nice ideas mixed in. However I also had some concerns which are highlighted later down below, which I believe if addressed would lead to a very strong work. This paper presents a neural network model (SYNONYMNET) for automatically discovering synonymous entities from a large free-text corpus with minimal human annotation. The solution is fairly natural in the form of a siamese network, a class of neural network architectures that contain two or more identical subnetworks, which are an obvious approach for such a task, it can be considered as if. Rating: 4
Gold Metareview 392:
This paper presents a model to identify entity mentions that are synonymous.  This could have utility in practical scenarios that handle entities.

The main criticism of the paper is regarding the baselines used.  Most of the baselines that are compared against are extremely simple.  There is a significant body of literature that models paraphrase and entailment and many of those baselines are missing (decomposable attention, DIIN, other cross-attention mechanisms).  Adding those experiments would make the experimental setup stronger.

There is a bit of a disagreement between reviewers, but I agree with the two reviewers who point out the weakness of the experimental setup, and fixing those issues could improve the paper significantly.

Generated Summary 393:
A review of a paper describing a novel method for segmentation in medical imaging. The reviewer is willing to defend the evaluation, but it is quite likely that the reviewer did not understand central parts of the paper. The paper is well-written and easy to follow, but the experimental results are not convincing enough to overcome the limitations of the proposed method. The novelty is limited, and the novelty is not enough to overtake the limitations.
Gold Metareview 393:
All reviewers found interest and merit in this paper, some negative points were satisfactorily addressed by authors. The paper should be accepted.

Generated Summary 394:
Cons and Questions: This paper provides a new perspective and used mathematically tools of Hermite expansion etc to inspire and proposed new method for variance reduction which prevent dying unity problem in Hierarchical VAE (in term of implementation) seems very simple. Thus, the method looks easy to adopt and has solid analysis on variance reduction. The authors focus on reducing the variance of the functions parameterizing the variational distribution of each layer using a layer-wise smoothing operator based on the Ornstein-Uhlenbeck semigroup (parameterized by a parameter $rho$). epsilon_1$ has a very small probability of a 1-ep = z_i-1$; in the complement set $mu_i-2$, it is possible to achieve a low KL in the original ELBO, by using an $mi_i+1$ which only has sensible values in the
Gold Metareview 394:
This paper develops a smoothing procedure to avoid the problem of posterior collapse in VAEs. The method is interesting and novel, the experiments are well executed, and the authors answered satisfactorily to most of the reviewers' concerns. However, there is one remaining issue that would require additional discussion. As identified by Reviewer 1, the analysis in Section 3 is only valid when the number of layers is 2. Above that value, "it is possible to construct models where the ELBO has a reasonable value, but the smoothed objective behaves catastrophically". Thus, the scope of the analysis in Section 3 deserves further discussion. Given the large number of ICLR submissions, this paper unfortunately does not meet the acceptance bar. That said, I encourage the authors to address this point and resubmit the paper to another (or the same) venue.

Generated Summary 395:
#### Quality The paper is reasonably well written, except for the introduction, which throws too much jargon around without being concrete about the work’s goals. Mathematically, I have doubts about the correctness of the work (see Cons) ### Clarity The first paragraph of 3.2 states the fake /deleted edge probabilities p is given in Def 1 but not given a formal definition later in the paper. The goal is to build graph representation using an encoder that is useful for downstream tasks such as graph classification. The decoder $D$ is tasked with minimizing the conditional entropy of the perturbation
Gold Metareview 395:
The paper is concerned with learning transformation equivariant node representation of graph data in an unsupervised setting. The paper extends prior work in this topic by focusing on equivariance under topology transformations (adding/removing edges) and considering an information theoretic perspective. Reviewers highlighted the promising ideas of the approach, its relevance for the ICLR community, and the promising experimental results (although improvements over prior work are not necessarily significant on all benchmarks).

However, reviewers raised concerns regarding the novelty of the method and the clarity of presentation with respect to key parts of the method. These aspects connect also to further concerns raised, e.g., related to mathematical correctness as well as the significance of the proposed loss function, the benefits of motivating it from MI, and the improvements over GraphTER. The rebuttal didn't fully clarify these points. While the paper is mostly solid, I agree with the reviewers' concerns and -- currently -- the paper doesn't clear the bar for acceptance; it would require another revision to improve upon these points. However, I'd encourage the authors to revise and resubmit their work with considering this feedback.

Generated Summary 396:
Using a GP to predict the residual between the predicted confidence score for the true class and 1 — the real class target confidence score — is a promising approach to improve accuracy and calibration. Rating: 6 (Margins above acceptance threshold) Confidence: 3: The reviewer is fairly confident that the evaluation is correct (i.e., AUROC and AUPRC). ConfidNet outperformed the MCP baseline by a margin of 0.42. The authors propose a framework to calculate confidence scores for detecting misclassification errors by calibrating the NN classifier’s confidence scores and estimates uncertainty around the calibrated scores using Gaussian processes RED, a new methodology to produce reliable confidence scores to detect missclassification mistakes in neural networks.
Gold Metareview 396:
In this paper, the authors use a GP classifier to detect if the output of a NN classifier has been decided correctly. The GP takes as input the original input vector x and the output of the NN, i.e. the calibrated posterior probabilities given by the NN. It uses that as an input vector for the GP classifier to decide if the sample was correctly decided. The output of the GP will serve as confidence in the output of the NN. The results are comparable/superior with the state-of-the-art and the authors have repeated the experiments with over 125 different datasets. The reviewers of this paper were all cautiously positive about the paper, but all of them pointed towards the reduced novelty of the paper. Also, none of the reviewers were willing to champion this paper as a must-have at ICLR 2021.
 
For my reading of the paper, I would tend to agree with the reviewers’ comments. Also, I find that using the same NN, rather shallow, with the same configuration for all the datasets seems rather limited. Given that this method is independent of the underlying classifier and that the databases used are low dimensions and a low number of training examples, I would have liked to see what a random forest or a GP can accomplish. Also, I would have used bigger NNs that can be trained to overfit the sigmoid outputs for classification of higher accuracy. I believe that having a diversity of underlying classifiers is more relevant than having 125 datasets. We need to find the best classifier or ensemble and then apply the different mechanisms for estimating if the output is the correct one. Otherwise, the proposed method might only be workable for this specific NN configuration. In the tables, it can be hinted that this might be happening, as about 80% of the cases MCP and RED are indistinguishable in the AUROC values.
 
Also, for all of these datasets a GP could be used as an underlying classifier, and given the premises of this paper, the authors could check how well calibrate a GP classifier is. Also, there has been considerable work on calibrating NNs when they are trained to overfit. Comparing with those methods should be straightforward, as they provide more information than just a confidence score. This is probably the most influential paper: https://arxiv.org/abs/1706.04599 (1000+ references), but there are some recent papers too.  
 
Finally, if the goal is to use a GP to detect if the classification done by the NNs is accurate, using a GP might be an overkill, as the complexity of the GP, especially for large datasets might end up being larger than the underlying classifier.


Generated Summary 397:
This paper proposes a bootstrap framework to study the generalization problem of deep learning, by decomposing the traditional test error into an ‘Ideal World’ test error plus the gap between. Empirically, it demonstrates that such gap (soft-error) is small in supervised image classification for typical deep learning model architectures. However, the main claim of the paper is a pure experimental claim. This paper defines a metric of generalization gap between the ideal world and the real world via 'bootstrap approximation', and seeks to use his gap to explain some phenomena.
Gold Metareview 397:
The paper is proposing a new framework for understanding generalization in the deep learning. The main idea is considering the difference of stochastic optimization on a population risk and optimization on an empirical risk. The classical theory considers the difference of empirical risk and population risk. This basically translates the practical motivation from finding good function classes to finding good optimizers which can re-use the data effectively. Although the paper provides no theoretical result, it provides an interesting empirical study. The paper somewhat demonstrates that SGD on deep networks is somehow good at re-using the same data. I believe this angle is very novel and might hope to future theoretical discoveries. The paper is reviewed by four reviewers and two of them argue its acceptance and two of them argue rejection. After discussion, this status remained and I carefully read and reviewed the paper. Here are the major issues raised by the reviewers:

- R#1: The paper is missing a theoretical study. The implications on the practical deep learning is not clear.
- R#2: Choice of the soft-error is particular to the task and how to go beyond soft-max is not clear.
- R#3: Finds the paper not novel as well as trivial or hard to understand.
- R#4: The choice of soft error is ad-hoc.

I believe the issues raised by R#3 are not justified. First of all, novelty is very clear and. appreciated by other reviewers. Moreover, the paper is rather easy to understand and the results are very farm from trivial. However, the other issues raised by other reviewers are valid. Specifically, soft-error seems to be a limitation of the study. However, the authors respond to this concern and reviewer increases their score. I believe the theory is lacking but the paper is simply showing this novel approach and its empirical validity. A theory to explain this phenomenon would be amazing but not necessary for publication. Similarly, without a theory it is hard to expect any practical implication. Overall, I believe the paper is an interesting and novel one which will likely to lead additional work in the area. Considering we are still far from a satisfying theory of generalization for deep learning and the role of the optimization is clear, this angle worth sharing with the community. Hence, I decide to accept. However, I have some concerns which should be addressed by the camera-ready. 

- Claims should be revised and authors should make sure they have enough evidence for them. For example, authors provide no satisfying evidence for random labels or very limited evidence for pre-training. I strongly recommend authors to either remove some of these discussions or present in a fashion which is not a result but part of the discussion for future research.
- A section about limitations should be added. Specifically, the soft-error choice should be discussed in this limitation section.
- Discussion section should be extended with the pointers to the relevant work on bootstrap literature as well as suggestions to the theoreticians. Not providing any theoretical result is always fine but authors should understanding why is it hard to make theoretical statements and where to search them.

Generated Summary 398:
Negative: 4 out of 5 based on 0 reviews 1 out of 10 based upon 0 user reviews 2 out of 4 relying on a rebuttal to a previous paper that argued for a model shift constraint. This paper is a good paper with a strong focus on the monotonic improvement of model-based RL under shifted model dynamics. It is also a very good paper on the problem of monotonic improvements under changing dynamics.
Gold Metareview 398:
This paper studies the relation between model shift and the performance of model-based reinforcement learning. The paper proposes a new algorithm that leads to empirical improvement over certain data sets. All the reviewers agree that the paper provides useful theoretical insights into model-based reinforcement learning, and the experiments are also consistent with the theory. 

Generated Summary 399:
I was not able to interpret what is being said. A curriculum learning in RL that combines goal-oriented RL and episodic RL in order to achieve a sample efficient exploration-exploitation trade-off. ### Contributions - The paper designs an intrinsic reward to encourage exploration while avoiding local optima policies. - Exploitation is leveraged through a region-based memory. This paper presents a novel and interesting idea that is sufficiently supported by the empirical experiments. The challenges that the new methods attempts to address and important and central to good performance in deep RL, thus the paper's results would be of interest to RL experimental
Gold Metareview 399:
This paper introduces Regioned Episodic Reinforcement Learning (RERL), which partitions the state space by generating a diverse set of goals and then explores the state space by learning policies that reach those goals. This idea is a combination of episodic memory techniques and “goal-oriented” reinforcement learning. 

After the authors’ responses and the discussion phase, all reviewers converged to recommending the rejection of this paper. The main concerns regarding this paper are:

* Presentation. The proposed approach is not that well justified, some of the claims in the paper are quite imprecise, and there’s relevant related work missing.
* Evaluation. The evaluation sometimes feels rushed and is not held in a diverse enough set of tasks, not capturing important properties one would want to capture.

I recommend the authors to pay close attention to presentation, as well as the experiments and analysis in order to make the paper stronger.


Generated Summary 400:
This paper is well-written and clear. The authors do a good job clearly stating the motivation for the work and differences from prior work. The proposed setting that considers interpretability + partial observability + offline data is important and reflective of many real-world problems so an approach that works in this setting is very meaningful. Overall, the evaluation helps support the claims, except for the interpretability component described below. The key idea is to fit a distribution over policies, observation models, and transition models using an EM-like method. Offline experiments on a healthcare dataset show that the method Interpole makes a meaningful contribution to the literature on modeling decision making.
Gold Metareview 400:
Explaining by Imitating: Understanding Decisions by Interpretable
Policy Learning

The topic is maximally timely and important: Understanding human
decision-making behaviour based on observational data. Any tangible
steps towards this challenging goal are bound to be significant, and
those this paper makes.

A Bayesian policy-learning method is introduced for this task, and
validated on both simulated data and user exeperiments in a real
decision-making task. The novel contribution is on learning
interpretable decision dynamics

The paper is written clearly enough..

The updated paper clarified most major concerns the reviewers had. In
particular, they added a user study.

The biggest remaining weaknesses are that

- relationship to the AMM model did not become completely clear yet

- the real user study has been carried out with only a small set of
users. But a large-cohort study would be too much work to ask for a
paper which has also a strong methodological contribution.


Generated Summary 401:
Rating: 7: Good paper, accept confidence: 3: The reviewer is fairly confident that the evaluation is correct; acceptance: Confidence: 4: Accepted confidence: 0 - KBs are automatically expanded user feedback is crucial to identify incorrect and missing entity attributes and relations. More specifically, in the case of entity identity uncertainty, enabling the user feedback as part of the entity resolution mentions, appears novel and important. This paper presents a hierarchical framework for integrating user feedback for KB construction under identity uncertainty.
Gold Metareview 401:
The paper presents an interesting methodology. The results are interesting, however the paper really misses out on an in-depth discussion and reflection of the pros and cons of this approach as well as on a proper related work comparison to similar approaches. 

Generated Summary 402:
#### Weaknesses - A theoretical analysis of the relationship between supervised learning and self-supervised learning in the context of few-shot learning. It aims to quantify the gap in training loss between SL and contrastive SSL on FSL tasks by casting SSL as an SL problem. Using this formulation, the authors show that if you reduce the self-supervision loss to be small enough, you can control the model’s supervision loss on the training data,
Gold Metareview 402:
This paper proposed to theoretically explain why a pre-trained embedding network with self-supervised training (SSL) can provide representation for downstream few-shot learning (FSL) tasks. The review process finds that the paper may over-claim the results and that the results seem unsatisfactory. Both Reviewer 4 and Reviewer 5 expressed concerns regarding the writing, organizing, and grammar errors of this paper. The paper needs a substantial revision to improve clarity and accessibility. As pointed out by Nikunj Saunshi’s public comment, this paper may benefit from discussing the differences from the previous works, including [1].  

[1] Arora et al., A Theoretical Analysis of Contrastive Unsupervised Representation Learning, ICML 2019

Generated Summary 403:
This paper provides a convincing and intuitive motivation regarding the need for active learning in unsupervised anomaly detection. However the proposed approach of requesting expert feedback for the top ranked anomalies is straightforward and unsurprising, given past work on active learning. The experiments on synthetic data are also also ... This paper does not give due credit to existing work. Current research such as Das et al. which is the most relevant has been deliberately not introduced upfront with other works (because it shows lack of the present paper's novelty) and instead deferred to later sections.
Gold Metareview 403:
Following the unanimous vote of the reviewers, this paper is not ready for publication at ICLR. The most significant concern raised is that there does not seem to be an adequate research contribution. Moreover, unsubstantiated claims of novelty do not adequately discuss or compare to past work.

Generated Summary 404:
A novel combination of approaches to improve clustering using a supervised learning method. Rating: 5: Marginally below acceptance threshold confidence: 3: The reviewer is fairly confident that the evaluation is correct I would also recommend adding a few more data sets to the results. This paper proposes Attention-Based Clustering (ABC) that learns latent representations to adapt to context within an input set. They use ideas from the metric learning literature and the Siamese network on how to learn compatibility scores, and the transformer architecture and the Set Transformer on how t...
Gold Metareview 404:
This paper proposes to use context-based metric learning, where an attention/Transformer-based mechanism is used to incorporate neighborhood information for deep learning-based metric learning. This was initially demonstrated on two simpler datasets, although larger ones were added during the rebuttal. On the whole, reviewers appreciated the simplicity and intuition behind the idea, but the consensus among all of the reviewers found several aspects lacking, including: 1) clarity of the descriptions in the paper, 2) novelty compared to existing work, especially that of Set Transformer for clustering, 3) lack of convincing results compared to baselines, or at least analysis/justification for negative results. While the reviewers appreciated the authors' rebuttal and experiments, it did not address many of these concerns. The idea is interesting and seems to hold some promise, so the authors are encouraged to refine these aspects in order to fully explore this idea and submit to a future venue. 

Generated Summary 405:
Rating: 8: Strong Accept: Technically strong paper, with novel ideas, excellent impact on at least one area, or high-to-excellent impact on multiple areas, with good evaluation, resources, and reproducibility, and no unaddressed ethical considerations. Mathematical notation system is also very accurate. This is a very good paper, and I'm very pleased with the results. I'd like to see a few new ways to do early exit, for the T5 model, evaluated on downstream tasks such as summarization and translation.
Gold Metareview 405:
This paper studies the error of early exit in decoding Transformer Language models, and proposes a method CALM to calibrate and accelerate model inference. Experiments on a variety of tasks (summarization, MT, QA) show effectiveness of the proposed method. 
All reviewers find the paper solid and the author feedback convincing. 

Generated Summary 406:
This paper proposes a novel architecture and regularization technique for RNNs, where the hidden state of an RNN is one of (or a soft weighted average of) a finite number of learnable clusters. SR-LSTM can extrapolate to longer sequences, unlike LSTM, but the sequence lengths considered are too small. It would be interesting to train both models with specific sequence length and then keep testing them with longer sequence length & compare the performance. If SR–LSTM behaves like a DPDA, then with larger cell state, the performance should not drop as you increase sequence length till the capacity of the cell state. This paper provides an interesting direction but lacks in terms of experimentation and global coherence of what is claimed and what is shown
Gold Metareview 406:
the authors propose to incorporate an additional layer between the consecutive steps in LSTM by introducing a radial basis function layer (with dot product kernel and softmax) followed by a linear layer to make LSTM similar to or better at (by being more explicit) capturing DFA-like transition. the motivation is relatively straightforward, but it does not really resolve the issue of whether existing formulations of RNN's cannot capture such transition. since this was not shown theoretically nor intuitively, it is important for empirical evaluations to be thorough and clearly show that the proposed approach does indeed outperform the vanilla LSTM (with peepholes) when the capacity (e.g., the number of parameters) matches. unfortunately it has been the consensus among the reviewers that more thorough comparison on more conventional benchmarks are needed to convince them of the merit of the proposed approach.

Generated Summary 407:
A solid paper, but not a good fit for NeurIPS, but it is a solid approach to solving domain-decomposed PDE solvers and a new numerical method to compute the loss defined on the spectral radius of the difference matrix. This paper is solid, moderate-to-high impact paper, with no major concerns with respect to evaluation, resources, reproducibility, ethical considerations. Learning Interface Conditions in Domain Decomposition Solvers Using a Graph Convolutional Network
Gold Metareview 407:
The paper proposes a scheme to learn preconditioners for domain decomposition solvers. Graph neural network is used to learn interface matrices, and the training dataset consist of many unstructured grids for which optimal parameters are learning.
 The loss function is adapted from Daulbaev et.and is based on the Gelfand formula (with average replaced by maximum). Theoretical study is provided. The paper is well-presented, contains a useful and practical algorithm which potentially will be used by many researchers doing numerical simulations. 

Generated Summary 408:
Rating: 4: The reviewer is confident but not absolutely certain that the evaluation is correct, but it's a good paper, if you're looking for a more detailed explanation, this is the paper for you. However, I have some concerns that explains my vote. First of all, I am not fully convinced that the assumption of restricting to similar examples with the *same* class is really good for giving a relevant explanation. Second, I had a hard time figuring out how and when the third test (with subclasses) can be used, and how it has been implemented in the presented experiments
Gold Metareview 408:
This paper performs an empirical comparison of similarity-based attribution methods, which aim to "explain" model predictions via training samples. To this end, the authors propose a handful of metrics intended to measure the acceptability of such methods. While one reviewer took issue with the proposed criteria, the general consensus amongst reviewers is that this provides at least a start for measuring and comparing instance-attribution methods. 

In sum, this is a worthwhile contribution to the interpretability literature that provides measures for comparing and contrasting explanation-by-training-example methods. 

Generated Summary 409:
A solid 3D mesh stylization method with a spherical Gaussians-based differentiable renderer, this is a good paper for 3D modeling. It's not a perfect mesh, but it's a solid one. It has a few drawbacks, but the results are good, and it can be used in a wide range of applications. Overall, this paper is an excellent paper, and I'd recommend it.
Gold Metareview 409:

This paper presents a new CLIP-driven stylization method given an input mesh and text description. Compared to previous works Text2Mesh, the paper introduces a more expressive rendering model based on learnable SVBRDF and normal maps. Many reviewers found the paper easy to follow, the idea promising, and the results visually appealing. They also expressed their concerns regarding the similarity to Text2Mesh, the limitations of the normal maps approach (compared to changing geometry explicitly), and the relighting and material editing of the stylized object. The rebuttal has addressed most of the concerns. The AC agreed with most of the reviewers and recommended accepting the paper. 

Please revise the papers according to the reviewer’s comments: (1) change the title according to Reviewer kpuS, (2) add relighting/material editing/view synthesis results, and (3) highlight the pros and cons of the proposed method w.r.t. Text2Mesh. 



Generated Summary 410:
Accept: Technically solid, moderate-to-high impact paper, with no major concerns with respect to evaluation, resources, reproducibility, ethical considerations. The authors propose a new gradient-based feature attribute method Distilled Gradient Aggregation (DGA) that extends FullGrad (FG). On quantitative and qualitative evaluations the authors demonstrate that their method produces better explanations than previously proposed methods. A new attribution based DNN explanation method that distills input features using weak and extremely positive contributor masks. I will vote for rejection for now. **Motivations are not convincing.**
Gold Metareview 410:
This paper proposes a new gradient-based attribution method Distilled Gradient Aggregation (DGA), which combines the strengths of both local and global attribution methods. The reviewers and meta-reviewer found the method novel, and supported by promising results both qualitatively and quantitatively. 

During the rebuttal phase, the authors made a _thorough_ effort in response to each reviewer's comments. As recognized by two reviewers (hnze, cvDy), the newly added results and discussions have significantly strengthened the contribution. 

The AC recommends acceptance given the paper tackles a critical problem, and presented an effective and convincing method that advances the field of explainable AI. 

Authors are strongly recommended to include these new results and writing changes suggested by the reviewers for the final version of the manuscript. 









Generated Summary 411:
1. Is it possible to theoretically prove that layer fusion can alleviate the over-smoothing problem like Section 5? 2. Does the paper provide empirically verified cosine similarity between BERT and BERT on more datasets? 3. Can authors provide further experiments with different datasets or applications to demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method? 4. I feel convinced that layer normalization in the transformer blocks contributed to the over - smoothing issue.
Gold Metareview 411:
This paper has a deep analysis of the over-smoothing phenomenon in BERT from the perspective of graph. Over-smoothing refers to token uniformity problem in BERT, different input patches mapping to similar latent representation in ViT and the problem of shallower representation better than deeper (overthinking). The authors build a relationship between Transformer blocks and graphs. Namely, self-attention matrix can be regarded as a normalized adjacency matrix of a weighted graph. They prove that if the standard deviation in layer normalization is sufficiently large, the outputs of the transformer stack will converge to a low-rank subspace, resulting in over-smoothing.

In this paper, they also provide theoretical proof why higher layers can lead to over-smoothing. Empirically , they investigate the effects of the magnitude of the two standard deviations between two consecutive layers on possible over-smoothing in diverse tasks.

In order to overcome over-smoothing, they propose a series of hierarchical fusion strategy that adaptively fuses presentation from different layers, including concatenation fusion, max fusion and self-gate fusion into post-normalization. These strategies reduce similarities between tokens and outperforms BERT baseline on a few datasets (GLUE, SWAG and SQuAD).

Overall I agree with reviewers that this is a good contribution.

Generated Summary 412:
summary: ### New large scale dataset for unsupervised transfer learning The paper proposed an extension to the popular WILDS benchmark dataset by augmenting the different domain data with additional unlabeled examples. The dataset consists of data of various modalities including images, graph and text from various domains. Additionally, many recent methods that leverage unseen images to achieve generalization are bench marked on the proposed datasets. Weakness: 3
Gold Metareview 412:
This paper presents U-WILDS, an extension of the multi-task, large-scale domain-shift dataset WILDS. The authors propose an extensive array of experiments evaluating the ability of a wide variety of algorithms to leverage the unlabelled data to address domain-shift problems. The vision behind sounds quite ambitious and convincing to me, namely, the proposed U-WILDS benchmark would be a useful and well-motivated resource for the ML community, and their experiments were very comprehensive. Although they did not introduce any new methods in this paper, U-WILDS significantly expands the range of modalities, applications, and shifts available for studying and benchmarking real-world unsupervised adaptation.

The clarity, vision and significance are clearly above the bar of ICLR. While the reviewers had some concerns on the novelty, the authors did a particularly good job in their rebuttal. Thus, all of us have agreed to strongly accept this paper for publication! Please include the additional rebuttal discussion in the next version.

Generated Summary 413:
This paper provides an algorithm for training neural networks in the over-parametrized regime. It does not provide empirical validation of the method, or an implementation. The authors go to great lengths to show that under good implementation which exploits various structural properties (low rank in particular), the runtime complexity of the algorithm should make it practical. This paper is based on gauss-newton-methods and incorporates tensor-based sketching techniques and preconditioning to improve the per-iteration computational complexity. I consider this a strength for this paper: providing a precise practical guideline on implementation, while providing theoretical convergence guarantees, is a welcome contribution.
Gold Metareview 413:
This paper studies the performance of second-order algorithms on training multi-layers over-parameterized neural networks. The authors propose an algorithm based on the Gram-Gauss-Newton method, tensor-based sketching techniques, and preconditioning to train such a network, whose runtime is subquadratic in the width of the neural network. While some reviewers provide some weak support, none of them are in strong support, even after the author's response. I think one of the reasons is the lack of empirical experiments. Since the main claim of this paper is an efficient second-order algorithm, some experiments are necessary to back up this claim. Unfortunately, the authors did not try to add such an experiment during the rebuttal. I would suggest the authors add such experiments in the revision.

Generated Summary 414:
This paper is not ready for publication. The exposition is not at all clear and needs substantial rewriting. Additionally, the evaluation done in the paper isn't well-justified. I do not know what "paragraph-side" means, but I assume that you are trying to retrieve the question given paragraph. Why? There were no standard baselines compared against, like a simple IR system (Lucene). And I expected to see actual impact of the retrieved results on downstream QA performance of a system like Chen et al.'s, or Clark and Gardner 2018. Even if you have a slightly better ranking of retrieved paragraphs, it's not clear to me that this will improve performance, if the downstream method is properly calibrated to handle multiple paragraphs. Word embedding with/without IDF weight is a strong baseline for retrieval for question answering
Gold Metareview 414:
I have to agree with the reviewers here and unfortunately recommend a rejection.

The methodology and task are not clear. Authors have reformulated QA in SQUAD as as ranking and never compared the results of the proposed model with other QA systems. If authors want to solve a pure ranking problem why they do not compare their methods with other ranking methods/datasets.

Generated Summary 415:
Good paper, accept confidence: 4: The reviewer is confident but not absolutely certain that the evaluation is correct. This paper introduces a multi-agent tracking environment (MATE) where a group of camera agents trying to cover target agents as much as possible, while another group of target agents try to escape from the coverage of camera agent. The authors perform several MARL algorithms (MAPPO, IPPO, QMIX and MADDPG) for cooperative tasks in MATE. Different communication protocols (TarMAC, I2C) are also tested in cooperative tasks.
Gold Metareview 415:
This paper introduces an interesting cooperative-competitive MARL environment involving groups of camera and targets with the objective of transportation. The benchmark environment appears to be scalable with novel components including partial observability and general-sum rewards in an interesting environment. The authors provide extensive baselines for MARL algorithms as well. The majority of reviewers appraised the work positively, and the authors adequately addressed the concerns brought up in the review along with a revision incorporating some components of feedback. I think this is a good addition to the MARL literature, and the authors should be sure to incorporate all the remaining feedback in the final version of the paper.

Generated Summary 416:
Rating: 5; Marginally below acceptance threshold confidence: 5: The reviewer is absolutely certain that the evaluation is correct and very familiar with the relevant literature; rating: 4; Confidence: 4 ###Minor comments### The paper proposes the video prediction model that can handle multiple objects. The proposed model is built from attention-based capsule network, and it generates video in a hierarchical feature computation. Is it when the generated frame stops changing? If not, what happens if you let the network generate frames infinitely, does the frame become static once the task is accomplished?
Gold Metareview 416:
This paper presents work on semantic action-conditioned video prediction.  The reviewers appreciated the interesting task and use of capsule networks to address it.  Concerns were raised over generalization ability of the proposed approach, points on clarity, scalability, and handling of uncertainty/diversity by the method.  After reading the authors' response, the reviewers engaged in discussion.  Over the course of this discussion, the reviewers converged on a reject rating, noting that the concerns raised above were not sufficiently addressed to warrant publication at this stage.

Generated Summary 417:
Summary: This paper studies why optimization-based adversarial attacks have close to zero target transferability in attack real-world ASR pipelines. The control experiments are carefully executed and provide clear takeaway insights. # Weaknesses: Lack of in-depth root causes analysis on the findings. Targeted transferability is ineffective against typical ASR systems, but it is not fully understand why. In this work the authors show the impact of targeted transferability against a simplified ASR system. Specifically, they perform an ablation study to assess which components of an ASR may be contributing to the non targeted transferable issue.
Gold Metareview 417:
This paper explores why adversarial examples do not transfer well in
adversarial examples on automatic speech recognition systems. The authors
propose a number of potential causes that are then quickly evaluated in
turn.

This could be an excellent paper, but in its current form, it is borderline.
The main problem with the paper is that it proposes a number of causes for the
limited transferability, and then evaluates each of them with one quick
experiment and just a paragraph of text. In particular, none of the results
actually convince me that the claim is definitely correct, and many of the
experimental setups are confusing or would have other explanations other than
the one variable that is aiming to be controlled for.

That said, even with these weaknesses, this paper raises interesting and new
questions with an approach I have not seen previosuly. So while I don't believe
the paper has done much to actually demystify transferability, it does take
steps towards performing scientific experiments to understand why it is so
hard. And these experiments, while not perfect, can serve as the basis for
future work to extend and understand which factors are most important.

Generated Summary 418:
This paper addresses the problem of neural networks learning ‘simple’ features which cannot generalize well. It proposes to alleviate this problem by generating synthetic data (“roadblocks”) in a manner which confuses the network while being close (in $l_2$ norm) to the original training data. A new model is trained on such examples, and it is hypothesized that this new model learns more robust features. The paper empirically shows that such models are more robust when there are spurious correlations in the data. This paper also presents visualizations of learnt features, as well as of the generated roadblocks, indicating that these do contribute to learning more robust feature.
Gold Metareview 418:
The submission describes a new method to avoid the shortcut learning behaviour in DNNs. After the rebuttal and discussion, most of the reviewers are positive about this submission since the proposed method does not require prior knowledge about the dataset and the strong empirical results for the debasing task. On the negative results, the reviewers argue that the experimental evaluation is not thorough enough. Overall, AC recommends acceptance but asks the authors to perform more rigorous evaluation for the camera-ready version including the fair tuning of the hyperparameters.

Generated Summary 419:
Weakness: 4: The authors propose a novel algorithm for the penalized variant of the fair MAB problem with the tight analyses of its gap-dependent and -independent regrets. They propose and analyze an algorithm for reward maximization in a Multi-Armed Bandit, with the additional fairness constraint that each arm should be pulled for at least a fraction of time. This algorithm is also compared with two recent state of the art algorithms for this problem in synthetic examples and illustrates superior performance.
Gold Metareview 419:
The paper provides an algorithm for the stochastic multi armed bandit (MAB) problem in the regime with fairness constraints. It continues a line of work that in high level define fairness as a requirement to ensure a minimum amount of exploration for every arm.
The main concern I found in the reviews regards the definition of fairness in this paper. Although it follows the same high level narrative of previous works its exact definition and difference from previous papers is not convincingly motivated, and seems to be tailored to the proposed algorithm rather to a real world fairness constraint. This issue could have been mitigated by a novel or generalizable technique, or insightful experiments, but this does not seem to be the case given the reviewers comment about the limited novelty and basic experiments.

Generated Summary 420:
A review of popular static word embeddings, based on different node generation models, edge generating models, and their combinations. (Main Contributions): 4: This paper does not provide a good enough solution to the problem to meet the bar of ICLR. It does provide an interesting and interesting problem and propose two novel measures. This paper lacks some key elements, such as problem formulation, rationale discussion, and empirical validation. As its too many weaknesses, I have to recommend a reject.
Gold Metareview 420:
The authors of this work introduced new metrics for node embedding that can measure the evolution of the embeddings, and compare them with existing graph embedding approaches, and experimented on real datasets.

All reviewers agreed that the work addresses interesting problem and that the proposed measures are nove, but there are too many flaws in the initial version of the paper, and despite the thorough responses of the authors, it is believed that there are still too many open questions for this paper to be accepted this year ICLR.

Generated Summary 421:
A method of compressing neural radience fields by learning mappings from latent codes to model parameters such that both distortion/reconstruction quality and the rate get minimized. While maintaining the same level of quality, this method is able to compress NeRF models for more efficient sender-receiver transmission. This paper proposes to add entropy penalized reparametrization (Oktay et al. (2020)) technique into Nerf (Mildenhall ed. ( 2020)), with some improvements by extending the nerf to multiple scenes. Rating: 5 - Marginally below acceptance threshold. Confidence: 2 - The reviewer is confident but not absolutely certain that the evaluation is correct.
Gold Metareview 421:
Description:
The paper presents a method for encoding a compressed version of an implicit 3D scene, from given images from arbitrary view points. This is achieved via a function, learning with a NeRF model, that maps spatial coordinates to a radiance vector field and is optimized for high compressibility and low reconstruction error. Results shows better compression, higher reconstruction quality and lower bitrates compared to other STOA.

Strengths:
- Method for significantly compressing NerF models, which is very useful since such models are often trained for every new scene
- Retain reconstruction quality after compression by an order of magnitude
 
Weaknesses:
- The need for decompressing the model before rendering can be done means reduced rendering speed. This also requires longer training times.
- Experiments against other scene compression + neural rendering technique will have further strengthened the papers’s claims 
- The techniques used are well established, and thus there is not as much technical novelty.


Generated Summary 422:
summary: Confidence: 4: SGD may exhibit strange behaviors, including: (1) SGD can converge to local maxima, (2) SGD May escape saddle points arbitrarily slowly, (3) SGD Can prefer sharp minima over flat ones, and (4) AMSGrad can convergence to local maximum. This work constructs example optimization problems illustrating that, if these assumptions are relaxed, SGD might exhibit many strange behaviors.
Gold Metareview 422:
Overall, the paper provides interesting counter examples for the SGD with constant step-size (that relies on a relative noise model that diminishes at the critical points), which provide critical (counter) insights into what we consider as good convergence metrics, such as expected norm of the gradient. 

The initial submission took a controversial position between the mathematical statements and the presentation of the statements on the behavior of the SGD method in non-convex optimization problems. While the mathematical is sufficient for acceptance at ICLR, the presentation was inferring conclusions that could have been misread by the community.

I am really happy to state that the review as well as the rebuttal processes helped improved the presentation of the results that I am excited to recommend acceptance.

Generated Summary 423:
Rebuttal: 3: You are fairly confident in your assessment. It is possible that you did not understand some parts of the submission or that you are unfamiliar with some pieces of related work. Math/other details were not carefully checked. This paper presents an analysis of camera placement for vision-based manipulators. Specifically it compares the performance of a disembodied third person camera vs. place the camera on the robot's hand/gripper. Confidence: 4:
Gold Metareview 423:
All reviewers consistently agree on the high quality of the research presented in this paper, such that it the paper clearly is significantly above the acceptance threshold of ICLR.

Generated Summary 424:
A novel neural Hawkes model for predicting links and time-stamps in a temporal knowledge graph, based on a continuous neural hawkes formulation. The previous work target event prediction and time prediction, but in this paper the task is subject/object prediction. Furthermore, the author showed result improvement over strong baselines on several datasets. This proposed method needs to compare other baseline methods and is somewhat limited. Importantly, the analysis of this proposed method is missing.
Gold Metareview 424:
This paper propose Graph Hawkes Neural Networks (GHNN) which are suited for performing inference in temporal knowledge graphs. By combining the continuous modeling provided by cLSTM with strong assumptions about how events can impact one another, GHNN shows promising results compared strong baselines on the GDELT and ICEWS14 dataset.

Generated Summary 425:
This paper introduces a new benchmark dataset for the task of tracking any point (TAP), i.e., tracking an arbitrary 2D point defined at the first frame over the entire video. The writing is clear. The task is well motivated. The statistics and analysis on the dataset are compact, informative, and well summarized. Every claim is logically well justified. The process to annotate the labels is detailed, convincing, and practical.
Gold Metareview 425:
TAP-Vid presents a benchmark that will be highly useful for tracking research for tracking arbitrary physical points on surfaces over long video clips. The reviews are all positive, with one reviewer raising ethical aspects in preparing the benchmark.  I find the rebuttal sufficient and adequate and hence recommend acceptance of the paper.

Generated Summary 426:
Pros: This paper addresses the problem of event sequence prediction in a contrastive self-supervised learning framework. The authors use the same data augmentation and random sampling techniques as shown in Fig 1. The authors should put absolute accuracy instead of relative improvement for each task. The final embeddings are fine tuned when they are trained for the downstream task. This paper proposed a random slices subsequence generation strategy (CoLES) for contrastive learning in event sequences.
Gold Metareview 426:
This work is well written and accurately covers the context and recent related work. It's a good example of how to apply self-supervised training to the event sequence domain. However, the combination of a lack of technical originality (composing a set of previously explored ideas) and significant improvements in results (results with CoLES overlap in error bars with RTD results) limits the impact of this paper.

Pros:
- Well written.
- Extensive evaluation.
- Well formulated problem.

Cons:
- Lack of technical novelty. The method appears to be general to all sequences rather than specialized for event sequences so the motivation for this design is not crystal clear.
- Minor improvement in results from using the method despite written claims that the method 'significantly outperforms'.
- Limited analysis that shows the periodicity and repeatability in the data.

Generated Summary 427:
A new tool for inferring underlying properties of partially observed spiking neural networks (generalization of the fully observable solution by Rene et al), based on mean field modeling on net effect of unobserved neurons; validated on within model class simulated data This is a very promising approach, introducing inductive biases from biology to model hidden populations, but still keeping the level of description of these populations coarse. Therefore, significance of this paper is excellent. Clarity: 4: You are confident in your assessment, but not absolutely certain, that you did not understand some parts of the submission or that you are unfamiliar with some pieces of related work. Rating: 8: Strong Accept: Technically strong paper, with novel ideas, excellent impact on at least one area, or high-to-excellent impact on multiple areas, with excellent evaluation, resources, and reproducibility, and no unaddressed ethical considerations
Gold Metareview 427:
Dear authors, 

Congratulations on your paper being accepted! The reviewers unanimously recommended acceptance. The reviewers made a number of recommendations on how to improve the paper further, in particular with respect to clarity of writing and explaining the motivation behind different analyses. We strongly encourage you use this feedback to improve the paper— if needs be additional clarifications can be added in the supplement. In addition, it would indeed be highly useful to make your source code publicly available, as you indicated in your response. 

Best, your AC


Generated Summary 428:
Rejecting. This paper proposes a novel method that can handle varying data distribution and variable-length input for the meta-learning field. My main concerns are the clarity of the paper including the objective of each module design and that experiments are not enough to demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method. Compared to CNP, the novel components are the PLF and their specific r-subset aggregation scheme (4, 5). However, the experiments do not sufficiently show how much each of these components contributes to performance.
Gold Metareview 428:
This paper addresses a meta-learning method which works for cases where both the distribution and the number of features may vary across tasks. The method is referred to as 'distribution embedding network (DEN)' which consists of three building block. While the method seems to be interesting and contains some new ideas, all of reviewers agree that the description for each module in the model is not clear and the architecture design needs further analysis. In addition, experiments are not sufficient to justify the method. Without positive feedback from any of reviewers, I do not have choice but to suggest rejection. 


Generated Summary 429:
DN-CFR is a novel MC samping strategy. It is based on a neural network function approximation algorithm. It can be applied to a large number of games, and can be used for evaluation. - It does not seem necessary to predict cumulative mixture policies (ASN network). One could train a mixture policy network to directly predict the current policy along with a cumulative regret policy.
Gold Metareview 429:
The reviewers agreed that there are some promising ideas in this work, and useful empirical analysis to motivate the approach. The main concern is in the soundness of the approach (for example, comments about cumulative learning and negative samples). The authors provided some justification about using previous networks as initialization, but this is an insufficient discussion to understand the soundness of the strategy. The paper should better discuss this more, even if it is not possible to provide theory. The paper could also be improved with the addition of a baseline (though not necessarily something like DeepStack, which is not publicly available and potentially onerous to reimplement).  

Generated Summary 430:
Pros This paper takes one important issue of current speech synthesis area: TTS adaptation to new voice. Its multi-phonetic-level acoustic condition modeling approach seem technically new and interesting, &lt;b&gt;...&nbsp;....&ndash; ...and its results seem to show its validity. However, why the authors didn't compare their results to other known multi-speaker systems?
Gold Metareview 430:
The paper is about adapting a voice generation model to new speakers with minimal amount of training data. The key insight in this paper is that the voice can be adapted using a small set of variables -- the bias and the variance associated with the layer that normalizes the mel-spectrogram associated with the decoder. Additionally, they characterize voice at the utterance level to capture stationary factors like background acoustic conditions and at the phoneme level to capture factors such as prosody, though there are no explicit constraints to force such representation.

The strength of the paper are:
+ Simplicity of the approach
+ Empirical evaluation that demonstrates its effectiveness

The weakness of the paper are:
- analysis of what the crucial parameters of the model represent
- lack of clarity that is obvious from several back-and-forths between the reviewers and the author.

A few examples include:
- “There is also a phoneme-level acoustic embedding which is used in the same way, which at inference is taken from random sentences (why not in training?), and, I guess, is supposed to cover phoneme-level idiosyncrasies of the speaker, although this isn't clear to me.”
- “ it is only the speaker embedding that is the input to fine-tuning, and this only via the normalization parameters. (Both the normalization parameters and the speaker embedding itself are fine-tuned.) I am not sure what the speaker-embedding is left to do with all this acoustic-level input, but OK.”

Generated Summary 431:
Impact and Recommendation This is fundamentally good material. It's not groundbreakingly new but I think it could make for an easy-to-use imitation learning baseline that would help in a lot of scenarios get the method off the ground. The paper proposes a modification of the PPO algorithm which can accommodate a single task demonstration with the goal of faster learning in sparse-reward tasks. There are 4 tasks proposed by the paper, inspired by Animal-AI Olympics. The proposed method outperforms those baselines.
Gold Metareview 431:
There was quite a bit of internal discussion on this paper. To summarize:
- The idea is very neat and interesting and likely to work
- The paper is likely to inspire future work
- There are still serious doubts  about the experimental evaluation that is not entirely up to par with current standards
  - The reviewers were not convinced 100% by the arguments about the 'custom' environments
  - The reviewers were not convinced 100% that the baselines were given their best shot

While the paper has potential to provide valuable input for the community, it needs a bit more work before being presentable at a highly competitive venue like ICLR.


Generated Summary 432:
This paper proposes a new model-based reinforcement learning algorithm named MPC-PSRL. Theoretically, the authors provide regret analysis of the proposed algorithm. The authors also provide empirical results that MPC - PSRL outperforms other previous model based RL algorithms, such as PETS or MBPO. This paper provides a posterior sampling algorithm and provide a Bayesian regret guarantee. Under the assumption that the reward and transition functions are Gaussian processes with linear kernels, the regret bound is in the order of H1.5 d sqrtT where H is the episode length. The dependence that regret is in polynomial of H is a nice property. However, this advantage seems to be obtained by the assumption of Gauss processes with line kernels. Besides, I have the following comments: 1. It seems that the result in Theorem 1 is quite straightforward from the results in Os
Gold Metareview 432:
This paper presents a model-based posterior sampling algorithm in continuous state-action spaces theoretically and empirically. The work is interesting and the authors provide numerical evaluations of the proposed method. But the reviewers find the contribution of the work limited.


Generated Summary 433:
3: Weak accept confidence: 2: The reviewer is willing to defend the evaluation, but it is quite likely that the reviewer did not understand central parts of the paper. The paper reads well and the methodology is relatively clear. The results seem promising. However, the results of the system are not well analysed or compared fairly with the literature (firstly in report generation, secondly in disease classification). However, in all cases the comparison is unfair since the data used for testing is not the same. In particular the authors have filtered out images/reports that are "non-relevant" to 8 abnormalities they are interested in.
Gold Metareview 433:
This paper presents a pipeline for automatic interpretation of  medical imaging and learning-based diagnosis. On the one hand, the paper tackles an important and challenging problem, but on the other hand, the validation is very limited and novelty over previous work is unclear. This is therefore a borderline paper.

Generated Summary 434:
This is a highly novel paper which tackles an excellent problem: how to properly tune regularization parameters for common algorithms. The standard approach to tuning ridge-regression, LASSO, or the elastic net methods is grid-search. However, as the authors note in the classification setting, some model choices, like thresholding, can induce discontinuities in the tuning objective and make Grid-search unreliable. Thus, the focus on problem-sample complexity and the apparent non-implementability of the actual methods for tuning are a potential issue. Section 2.1 and Lemma 2.1 seem to be related to the work in [1] and it is quite likely that you are willing to defend your assessment. Math/other details were not carefully checked. Section 4 does not seem to address a useful problem. Classification with the ordinary (least-squares) elastic net is not a standard (or indeed useful) approach to classification
Gold Metareview 434:
The reviewers agreed that this paper should be accepted -- it studies an interesting and in someways "overlooked" problem and seems like it could be a starting point for others to build on. The paper did have some weaknesses. For example, we feel that the lack of experimental results is a missed opportunity -- the reviewers feel the paper would be made stronger by including at least a simple example where the standard approach of grid search + CV fails. Without such an example, it is a bit hard to be convinced of the importance of the problem being studied. 

Generated Summary 435:
This paper introduces a new family of non-negative Bregman divergences for density ratio estimation with flexible models that aims at solving the train-loss hacking problem. The contribution is foremost theoretical, but includes an experimental validation on benchmark problems. A new loss/objective based on the Bregmann divergence's empirical approximation while modeling the density ratio function $r*$ by a flexible hypothesis family. The authors propose a simple yet practical and principled algorithm for DRE, providing a Non- Negative Correction, with the Non-Negative Correction.
Gold Metareview 435:
This paper discusses the likelihood ratio estimation using the Bregman divergence.  The authors consider the 'train-loss hacking', which is an overfitting issue causing minus infinity for the divergence.   They introduce non-negative correction for the divergence under the assumption that we have knowledge on the upper bound of the density ratio.  Some theoretical results on the convergence rate are given.  The proposed method shows favorable performance on outlier detection and covariate shift adaptation.

The proposed non-negative modification of Bregman divergence is a reasonalbe solution to the important problem of density ratio estimation.  The experimental results as well as theoretical justfication make this work solid.  However, there are some concerns also.  The paper assumes knowledge on the upper bound of density ratio and uses a related parameter essentially in the method.  Assuming the upper bound  is a long standing problem in estimating density ratio, and it is in practice not necesssarily easy to obtain.  Also, there is a room on improvements on readability. 

Although this paper has some signicance on the topic, it does not reach the acceptance threshold unfortunately because of the high competition in this years' ICLR.  

Generated Summary 436:
Strong Accept Confidence: 4: The reviewer is confident but not absolutely certain that the evaluation is correct. The authors propose a simple but non-classic from the EC community model of communication. The models also highlight some limitation of classic optimization of the lewis game (i.e. the lack of feedback). The authors try to tackle the problem of trying to learn a new agent ( sender or listener) which can adapt to a given community of sender/listener using a data of their interactions.
Gold Metareview 436:
Reviewers agree that the authors propose an interesting new framework for learning ad-hoc communication. There are some recommendations of improved baselines but both reviewers seem excited by the idea and we look forward to having the authors discuss this at the workshop and get important feedback on their work.

Generated Summary 437:
This paper presents the Active-Passive SimStereo dataset, to evaluate the generalizability of 10 stereo matching algorithms and do a detailed analysis, and find that most of the algorithms have good generalization on active stereo images. The authors propose a study of domain transfer and generalization abilities of different state-of-the-art (SOTA) deep learning-based stereo architectures when presented with active, instead of passive, stereo images which the authors use to benchmark different SOTA and their generalization ability.
Gold Metareview 437:
The final scores for this submission are borderline, but the reviewers seem to agree on the positives (the contributions of the dataset itself) while the authors have gone through great lengths to address criticisms in terms of number of algorithms compared, the size of the dataset, the ability of the dataset to generalize to the real world, and the writing quality. Reviewer MHDH was also very thorough to catch an unintended overlap of train and test data, which the authors corrected. Taken as a whole, I believe the authors have done a great job addresses the perceived weaknesses of the manuscript and dataset. I also believe it is not obvious that deep methods would generalize from passive to active stereo (a concern of reviewer MHDH), so I believe this is a worthwhile study. 

Generated Summary 438:
This paper proposes a self-supervised idea for unsupervised anomaly detection. This framework enables high-performance AD without any labels via SRR, which is an ensemble approach to propose candidate anomaly samples that are refined from training. This way allows more robust fitting of the anomaly decision boundaries and also better learning of data representations. The methodological novelty of the proposed SRR approach is rather low (ensemble learning is standard to improve robustness and the individual detection method from Sohn et al. (2020) is not new) Anomaly detection in images using adversarial autoencoders. [1] [2] [3] [4] [5] [6] [7] [8] [9] [10] [11] [12] [13] [14] [15] [16] [17] [18] [19] [20] [21] [22] [23] [24
Gold Metareview 438:
The paper worked on fully unsupervised anomaly detection and proposed to use self-supervised representation learning to improve the performance of one-class classification. This is a borderline case close to acceptance but cannot make it. Specifically, it is useful, but its novelty is the main issue, since it is not surprising that self-supervised representation learning can improve one-class classification without representation learning (this part is still much of the taste of ICLR) and an ensemble of multiple models can improve upon a single model (which is just "bootstrap aggregating" or "bagging" used everyday in practice and known to machine learning and statistics societies a very long time ago). After seeing the rebuttal, the concerns were not really addressed well and the issues were only partially solved. Thus, the paper is not enough to guarantee an acceptance to ICLR unfortunately.

Generated Summary 439:
A paper on approximate Personalized PageRank vectors with differential privacy in graph representation learning. The authors analyze the non-private version $xi$-approximate PPR push algorithm with sensitivity and develop a variant of the push algorithm called PushFlowCap. They also propose an algorithm called DPPushFlowCap to obtain an non-joint or joint $epsilon$-DP approximate PPR vector. Finally, based on InstantEmbedding, the authors provide sensitivity-bounded version for graph embedding.
Gold Metareview 439:
Paper studies computing PPR in differential privacy setting. Given the importance of PPR in real world applications, we recommend accepting the paper as it brings an important problem to the DP community. However, we encourage authors to incorporate the comments from the authors, make sure that all the details of the proofs are made available in the final version, and clarify any comments reviewers raised. In particular, we encourage the authors to adequately address the criticisms of @Reviewer MDNv in the true spirit of science.

Generated Summary 440:
Positives: Technically solid paper, with high-probability generalization bounds for floored gradient descent and stochastic gradient Langevin dynamics. Rating: 7: Acceptable - a technical paper with high impact on at least one sub-area, or moderate-to-high impact on more than one areas, with good- to-excellent evaluation, resources, reproducibility, and no unaddressed ethical considerations.
Gold Metareview 440:
Authors study generalization properties of gradient-based optimization algorithms via a PAC-Bayesian approach. Based on a data-dependent prior, authors establish a generalization bound for FGD, FSGD, GLD, and SGLD. The authors also provide convincing empirical studies to demonstrate that their results are not vacuous.

- Authors should better motivate the use of their seemingly synthetic algorithms.

- There are many typos in this paper, other than the ones listed by the reviewers. Although the reviewers did not raise this issue, authors should make sure their paper is ready for camera ready if the paper is accepted.

Generated Summary 441:
Pros: This work provides a novel extension to the state-of-the-art approach (SPARTA) to solving Dec-POMDPs, a co-operative variant of partially observable stochastic games. Its main idea relies on the segmentation of action-observation histories into more manageable public-private factors and training belief models to predict the belief on a trajecotory.
Gold Metareview 441:
This paper has some interesting ideas and is an incremental improvement over previous work. However, it needs further revisions and polishing. The relation to prior work is a bit unclear. Since you mention POMDPs, what would be an equivalent version of your method in POMDPS? Why not compare your algorithm with a state-of-the-art method for small discrete problems? It is also a bit unclear why training a model to predict beliefs would be faster than just calculating them (after all the data must come from somewhere)..

Generated Summary 442:
Reject: a paper with major technical flaws, and/or poor evaluation, limited impact, poor reproducibility, and mostly unaddressed ethical considerations. The authors propose a novel and effective method to improve the transferability of adversarial attacks. They increase the logit margins between targeted and non-targeted classes, which can quickly become saturated in cross-entropy loss. Strengths: 1. The authors are very interesting and the motivation is well-explained. 2. The presentation of the results needs to be improved. Confidence: 4: You are confident in your assessment, but not absolutely certain, that you did not understand some parts of the submission or that you are unfamiliar with some pieces of related work.
Gold Metareview 442:
In this paper, the authors propose novel method to improve transferability of targeted adversarial attacks by enlarging the margin between targeted logit and non-target logits.  Experiments on ImageNet with different methods demonstrated the effectiveness of the method. However, as is pointed out by the reviewers that there exist high overlap between the paper and the existing works, which significantly hinders the novelties of the paper. The paper are expected to clarify the novelty and provide more comprehensive evaluations. 




Generated Summary 443:
Pros: This is a very good paper. Cons: The method does not implement the optimal transport map. The Wasserstein gradient is discretized via Euler methods to obtain the proposed algorithm. The authors describe a statistical methodology to compute this gradient flow to the target distribution. They also prove a bound for it and the simulations are promising. However, the authors may need to rephrase these results as an introduction to the background knowledge of this area, so that the novel theoretical contributions can be highlighted.
Gold Metareview 443:
The paper proposes a discretization of Wasserstein gradient flow with an euler scheme, and propose a way to estimate each step of the euler scheme using ratio estimators from samples regularized with gradient penalties. Statistical bounds are given to bound the estimated flows from the wasserstein flow.  

Reviewers have raised concerns regarding the assumptions under which results present in the paper hold, this was clarified by the authors (goedesic lambda convexity, log sobolev constant for the target density . lipchitizity of velocity fields).  The paper needs a revision to incorporate that feedback and to be in shape for publication. 

Other concern were on earlier claims in the paper regarding the monge ampere equation and approximation of the optimal mapping this was addressed by the rebuttal. 

Other concerns were also on explaining the relation of the work to score based models and energy based models. 

Overall the paper needs to state in a clearer way the assumptions for the theoretical results and to acknowledge the limitations of those assumptions in analyzing the euler scheme. 



Generated Summary 444:
Confidence: 3: You are willing to defend your assessment of this paper. I feel that the technique and the result are novel and of interest to the community. While other approaches, such as NTK or mean-field, have established global convergence guarantees, those results are asymptotic in the size of the neural network and do not provide the interpretation of the max-margin classifier. I believe that these results make the line to work analyzing neural networks based on some hidden form of converxity, as studied in Ergen and Pilanci 2021
Gold Metareview 444:
The papers makes progress on the important question of implicit bias in gradient based neural learning. Remarkably they derive reasonable conditions for global optimality.

Generated Summary 445:
This paper attempts to solve an important problem of LFLL in the context of the pre-trained Transformers. With the rise of larger models, it is important to consider the scalability of these models for lifelong learning. Thus, the contributions of this paper are marginally novel/ significant when evaluated on the sequence of 2-4 domains/tasks (NER, text classification, and summarization) over 9 different datasets.
Gold Metareview 445:
This work defines the new problem of lifelong few-shot language learning where the goal is to continually learn new few-shot tasks and use those to benefit future tasks while not forgetting previous tasks. With larger models, this is an important goal due to the cost of updating and retraining these models. The work also shows superiority to existing approaches like EWC and MAS. After the author's rebuttal, the experimental section is also thorough with evaluation on a good range of tasks and approaches such as adapters showing good results. While this setting appears simpler than the full lifelong-learning setting and the approach combines existing ideas, this work's contribution to the definition and thinking about this problem is valuable. However, the authors should more clearly state the advantages of their approach vs standard prompt tuning (with an emphasis of benefiting future tasks) since two reviewers seem caught up on this point. The other two reviewers comments were addressed by the rebuttal as they stated in their comments.

Generated Summary 446:
GLUE is a well designed benchmark that could potentially ignite new progress in the area of NLU. However, I cannot validate the added benefit over existing benchmarks and the novelty of the suggested benchmarking approach. Models will be evaluated based on a diverse set of existing language understanding tasks which encourages the models to learn shared knowledge across different tasks. They empirically show that models trained with multiple tasks perform better than models that focused on one specific task. They also point out existing methods are not able achieve good performance in this dataset and request for more general natural language understand system
Gold Metareview 446:
This paper provides an interesting benchmark for multitask learning in NLP.
I wish the dataset included language generation tasks instead of just classification but it's still a step in the right direction.


Generated Summary 447:
The paper is well written and easy to follow, with a complete literature review, and a clear description of the methodology. The main weakness is the data employed, which is a rather simple simulation in a healthy setting. This is probably enough to prove the concept, but authors should explain more clearly how different these simulations are from real data, wht differences can be expected when switching to real images, and what is required to actually do that.
Gold Metareview 447:
This work is clear, very original, however it lacks a bit of significance and is more of a proof of concept. Here are the pros and cons I've identified.

Pros :
- This work deals with physics-based deep learning which is a very recent subject and one of growing interest for the medical community.
- Results on simulated data look promising.
- The theoretical part and the implementation is clear, too bad the code is not shared.

Cons :
- The responses to the reviewers are very dense, often repeat the same explanations from one reviewer to another and lack relevance. It is not clear what has been changed in the manuscript in particular.
- The proof of concept should have been to support in the claims of the authors, as well as the use of simulated data in the title as suggested by the last reviewer
- In order to make the work more robust and quantitative, different physical models could have been considered, different Resnet architectures and an application to real data.

This work is extremely interesting but still a little immature. So I suggest an acceptation as a poster.

Generated Summary 448:
A new benchmark for the community event forecasting task on continuous-time dynamic graphs, this paper proposes a joint model composed of graph neural networks and marked temporal point process. The authors propose to factorize the joint prediction problem into three easier conditional probability modeling problems. The TPP related works cite only two related works, while the literature is quite rich in this field as described in [28] and [29] .
Gold Metareview 448:
We agree with the AC that this paper is ready for publication. We encourage authors to incorporate suggestions for clarity improvements, in particular those mentioned by reviewer `XRhC`.

Generated Summary 449:
summary: Acceptability: 3: I recommend acceptance given that the paper clearly describes related work, and proposed model. The findings show that the proposed transformer model outperforms related work on the machine translation and language modelling tasks. The Findings show that this paper proposes an efficient transformer model that can be trained with less resources. The finding shows that the author proposes a modification of the original Transformer architecture by replacing attention layers and layers in its Feed-Forward Networks across all of its blocks with learned shared dictionaries
Gold Metareview 449:
DictFormer is a method to reduce the redundancy in transformers so they can deployed on edge devices. In the method, a shared dictionary across layers and unshared coefficients are used in place of weight multiplications. The author proposed a l1 relaxation to train the non-differentiable objective  to achieve both higher performance and lower parameter counts.

All reviewers ended up giving the paper a score of 6 after increasing their scores during discussions. While the results are strong (better performance at much lower parameter counts), the paper is not clearly written. Several reviewers noted that the paper is difficult to understand and has a few unresolved points. For example, the method also ended up performing better than the base transformer model that DictFormer is supposed to compress. There seems to be a lack of understanding about what part of the model delivered the improvements. One reviewer said that this is potentially a great paper that deserves to be better explained. The basic concept of sharing a dictionary across layers should be simple enough to explain well and deserve a better explanation than eq 5. 

The authors promise to release the code, which would be necessary for a full dissemination of this work. I recommend accept.

Generated Summary 450:
A well-written and easy-to-follow paper on RL methods for estimating poisoning attacks, and a good introduction to heuristic algorithms for transferring a bi-level model to an optimization problem. This is a very good paper, with a strong empirical basis and an empirical comparison to more involved methods than Random and Random DOPE. The baseline method is too weak and does not show how good DOPE really is. The empirical results are thoroughly done. The behavior policy is close to the evaluation policy policy policy. It would be interesting to study larger values of epsilon to see how the results change. Page 3 has some typos. "Behavior policy is parameterized by theta"
Gold Metareview 450:
Meta Review: This work proposes a data poisoning attack for off-policy evaluation (OPE) methods. It also shows that several popular OPE methods are not robust to data poisoning attacks. The reviewers were all positive on this work, recommending strong accept, accept, accept, and weak accept. They praised the generality of the proposed problem and framework.

One main criticism that arose in several of the reviews was a lack of a stronger baseline comparator. In their response, the authors pointed out the challenge of identifying a suitable baseline, given a lack of previous work in data poisoning for off-policy evaluation. In an attempt to provide a suitable baseline, they developed their own comparator, namely a variant of the Fast Gradient Sign Method. They then showed that their main proposed framework outperforms this comparator. In my view, this response adequately addressed this reviewer critique.

The reviewers also made a number of other relatively minor comments and suggestions, and the authors addressed these in their replies.

Generated Summary 451:
Confidentiality: 4: The reviewer is confident but not absolutely certain that the evaluation is correct. Paper is very similar (especially all maths) to paper from same 1st author in Brudfors-2019. But clear novelty claimed to now use the MRF-NN model with a UNet instead of a probabilistic segmentation model. Is the performance of the UNet significantly improved by larger UNet architecture (j=4,5)
Gold Metareview 451:
This paper proposes a MRF-UNet product to improve the generalization to unseen data. The reviewers pointed out the high similarity and overlap with IPMI Brudfors-2019. Moreover, they questioned  the results, which are lower than current state-of-the-art.  Consequently, the practical use of this method seems quite limited. However this paper is well-written and the tackle problem is very important.

Generated Summary 452:
This review is based on a rebuttal by the author(s) to a previous review of a paper. The reviewer's opinion is that this paper is not significant enough to be considered an ICLR review. The main argument is that it leads to empirical comparative gains (but on networks not designed to be SOTA). Small points: "By prop 2, g_q(x) agrees with with original activation function". What does "agrees with" mean? "Fig 2. Darker color --> lighter color?" "(Conclusion) ... can goes[sic] deeper on the error surface." To me, the experiments only show marginally better performance rating: 5: Marginally below acceptance threshold. Confidence: 3: The reviewers are fairly confident that the evaluation is correct .
Gold Metareview 452:
This paper proposes a new type of activations function based on q-calculus. The reviewers found that the papers is significantly lacking in its presentation, in clarity, and in its experimental evaluation. The motivation of the method raises several significant questions to the reviewers, and the proposed method is not sufficiently compared to existing approaches for (noisy) activation functions. After reviews, the authors have failed to present any updates to their paper.

Generated Summary 453:
Summary: What are the strengths and weaknesses of the paper? # Strengths: This paper introduces TOGL, a new layer for Graph Neural Networks (GNN), making the GNN "aware" of topological information during this training phase. It differs from the closely related work *Graph Filtration Learning (GFL) as it is mostly a readout function (roughly, final layer in a GNN) while TOGL is a more general type of GNN-layer. Numerical results, though fairly solids, are not striking either. # Weaknesses:
Gold Metareview 453:
This paper presents a new graph neural network layer that is sensitive to topological structure in the graph. Reviewers all believe the work is technically sound, and the experiments (particularly after author revisions) show clear benefits in cases where topological structure is important. The main questions are about whether the experimental evaluation is sufficient. While there are always more experiments that could be run, I tend to agree with the authors that the chosen experiments support the key claims in the paper, so it seems ok. The other question about the experiments is if they sufficiently convince the reader that topological structure is useful in practice. This seems more mixed. The paper would certainly be improved if there was a motivating application where there was a clear win. For example, molecular structures are used as motivation in the intro, but the best performing method on proteins doesn’t use the topological layer. All-in-all, though, there does appear to be clear improvements on carefully constructed cases, and there appear to be some benefits in real-world datasets.

Generated Summary 454:
This paper presents a graph deconvolutional network that combines inverse filters in the spectral domain and de-noising layers in the wavelet domain to learn graph embedding in a encoder-decoder framework. The authors also provide new results (i.e., graph generation tasks) to address the Q.4 in my comments. This paper proposes inverse signal recovery in Spectral Domain and then conducts a de- noiseing step in Wavelet Domain to remove the amplified noise.
Gold Metareview 454:
The covered topic is timely and of potential impact for many application domains, such as drug design. The paper is well written and presentation is clear. The proposed approach seems to have some degree of originality. Experimental results seem to be generally good, and in the rebuttal the authors have provided further experimental support to their main claim.  There are however some issues that have not been solved by the author’s rebuttal. I think two of them are the most important and related: 

i) significance of contribution: although the authors have tried in the rebuttal to explain how the proposed approach differs from related papers, it seems that there are still doubts about the amount of innovation introduced by the paper. This issue could have been mitigated by SOTA experimental results in presence of a proper model selection, that, however does not seem to be the case here (see next point);

ii) model selection: the authors did not clearly explain the model selection procedure in the rebuttal. This is an important issue since it is often easy to get good results by picking the best run a posteriori. Unfortunately in the literature there are highly cited papers where model selection is not performed in a proper way and reviewers very often reject papers just looking at numbers without looking at how the numbers were obtained. So, I believe it is important to accept only papers where model selection is properly done and properly explained, so to allow for reproducibility of experiments. 

Generated Summary 455:
5: Good paper, but a bit ambiguous at some points. I would like to see a more detailed evaluation of the proposed method. The authors propose a novel method, called Consensus, using an ensemble of deep learning architectures, to study the interpretability of models, when ground truth of interpretations is not available. This is a very good paper, and I'm not sure if I'll be able to use it for real-world evaluations.
Gold Metareview 455:
The reviewers all found that the Consensus method introduced seemed sensible and applauded the authors on their extensive experiments.  However, clearly they struggled to understand the paper well and asked for a clearer and more formal definition of the methods introduced.  Unfortunately, the highest scoring review was also the shortest and also indicated issues with clarity.  It seems like the authors have gone a long way to improve the notation, organization and clarity of the paper, but ultimately the reviewers didn't think it was ready for acceptance.  Hopefully the feedback from the reviewers will help to improve the paper for a future submission.

Generated Summary 456:
Summary: This paper aims to improve the generalization power of meta-learning. It claims to propose an effective strategy named meta-dropout, which is applied to the transferable knowledge generalized from base categories to novel categories. It is not easy for me to find any proof of new ideas to achieve that target in the method sections. More importantly, it is not new in terms of the "idea" of combining "the episodic meta learning-based and pre-train finetune-based few-shot learning".
Gold Metareview 456:
This work proposes an approach to unify pre-training-based and meta-learning-based few-shot learning, inspired by dropout.

None of the reviewers support the acceptance of this work, despite the authors' detailed rebuttals, with the majority of reviewers confirming their preference for rejection following the author response. 

I unfortunately could not find a good reason to dissent from the reviewers majority opinion, and therefore also recommend rejection at this time.

Generated Summary 457:
Confidence: 3: You are fairly confident in your assessment. It is possible that you did not understand some parts of the submission or that you are unfamiliar with some pieces of related work. Math/other details were not carefully checked. VPR, an unsupervised hierarchical latent variable model. The latent representation is organized into a temporal hierarchy, with deeper layers representing features with slower rates of change. This hierarchy is enabled by an event detection mechanism that finds expected events in the input using VPR's internal transition model.
Gold Metareview 457:
Thanks for your submission to ICLR.

This paper considers a variational inference hierarchical model called Variational Predictive Routing.

Prior to discussion, several reviewers were on the fence about the paper, most notably having concerns about some of the experimental results as well as various clarity issues throughout the paper.  However, the authors did a really nice job addressing many of these concerns.  Ultimately, several of the reviewers updated their scores, leading to a clear consensus view that this paper is ready for publication.  We really appreciate your effort in providing additional details and results.

Please do keep in mind the concerns of the reviewers when preparing a final version of the manuscript.

Generated Summary 458:
This paper is a well-written and easy-to-understand work on the generative reverse diffusion step of DDGMs. It proposes a new setup called DAED (Denoising Auto-Encoder + Diffusion) combining ddgms with DAE. It has a better performance compared to DDDMs regarding generalizability to different data distributions.
Gold Metareview 458:
The paper analyzes diffusion-based deep generative models (DDGMs). The paper postulates that a DDGMs can be divided into two parts, a denoiser and a generator. 

After the rebuttal and discussion period, three out of four reviewers supported acceptance of the paper. The reviewers aLmZ, QKfo, and 4jY9 all find the interpretation of a diffusion-based deep generative model as a decomposition of a generator and denoising part interesting. Those reviewers also note that this interpretation is useful as parts of the diffusion steps can potentially be replaced with a VAE, which would make the synthesis more efficient.

The reviewers aLmZ and QKFo also note that one comparison is perhaps slightly unfair in that the number of parameters of the two models considered was different; the authors cleared this up with new simulations showing that matching the number of parameters (as should be done for a better comparison) does not substantially change the conclusions of the experiment. 

Finally, reviewer s9uB finds the approach and observations not to be novel and states that similar observations have been made in a recent CVPR paper by Benny and Wolf. While both the paper by Benny and Wolf and the paper under review study denoising diffusion models, the approaches taken by the two papers are substantially different, and both provide value to the community.

I also find the interpretation of the DDGMs as a denoiser and generator to be interesting and useful and therefore recommend acceptance of the paper. 


Generated Summary 459:
This paper addresses the problem of learning non-Markov task specifications (or rewards) encoded as a reward machine by inferring the real-value parameters of the reward machine (typically the edge transition rewards in an RM). The authors adopt a Bayesian deep learning approach to simultaneously learn a rewards approximator, a distribution over the parameter of the rewards machine, and the policy to optimize the most-likely reward instance. The empirical results in this paper are too small-scale and also compare with unreasonable baselines.
Gold Metareview 459:
The paper proposes a framework of Symbolic Reward Machine (SRM), an extension of Reward Machine (RM), for specifying interpretable and explainable reward functions. Then, a Bayesian IRL method is proposed to concretize an SRM using expert demonstrations. Experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of SRMs in terms of training efficiency and generalization. The reviewers acknowledged that the problem of inferring symbolic rewards is important and that the proposed SRM framework is an important step in this direction. However, the reviewers pointed out several weaknesses in the paper and shared concerns, including (a) limited comparison with alternate approaches to tackle the problem and positioning w.r.t. the existing literature; (b) the domains seem rather simple since they require only a few demonstrations (implying that the holes being inferred might be quite small); (c) the novelty and theory around the SRM representation is not fully clear. I want to thank the authors for their detailed responses. Based on the reviewers’ concerns and follow-up discussions, there was a consensus that the work is not ready for publication. The reviewers have provided detailed feedback to the authors. We hope that the authors can incorporate this feedback when preparing future revisions of the paper.

Generated Summary 460:
Pros: This paper provides interesting results for neural architecture search. In particular, this paper proposes a search strategy for NAS problems, Generative Adversarial NAS (GA-NAS), using importance sampling, which can be applied to micro/macro, constrained/unconstrained search problems. GA-NAS beats the state-of-the-art search algorithms proposed for NSA on public benchmarks, including NAS-Bench-101, NAS Bench-201, and NAS - Bench-301. Also, on the EfficientNet macro search space, GA NAS finds a new architecture with higher ImageNet accuracy and a lower number of parameters than EficientNet-B0.
Gold Metareview 460:
This paper proposes a method for neural architecture search (NAS) based on adversarial methods. It uses a discriminator trained to distinguish between random vs. good architectures, letting the discriminator's scores serve as a reward signal for an autoregressive generator. I agree with AR1: this is a nice and clever idea. Reviewers generally agreed that the method was interesting, e.g. it's quite flexible in that it's able to incorporate constraints, and that the evaluation is rather extensive and shows that the method performs well across the board. Many minor criticisms were raised and addressed well by the authors in their responses and manuscript updates.

The major criticism shared by most reviewers was the high methodological complexity of the proposed approach, and the proportionally small gains shown over much simpler baselines. This criticism remained despite the authors' responses. The method is indeed complex: the same method without any adversarial component already performs well, and many important details of the model are relegated to Appendix A.2. (I would recommend, for example, moving Fig. 2 to the main text if at all possible. Also, the Appendix can/should be included in the main PDF for ICLR, rather than in supplementary material, as AR1 mentions.) It was not clear to reviewers that the adversarial component of the approach has a significant benefit. The authors respond by pointing to Table 7 showing that the discriminator reduces the number of queries and points out that in reality these queries correspond to expensive evaluations. If this is a major selling point of the method (it sounds like it could be), it should be highlighted and analyzed far more -- at least moved to the main text rather than an Appendix -- ideally with a real-world evaluation showing a practical large improvement in overall wall-clock time, rather than a benchmark where these evaluations are free. Perhaps the exclusive reliance on these benchmarks, though undoubtedly useful for quick experimentation, in the end holds back the paper and prevents the method's benefits from becoming apparent to the readers.

As a minor point (also raised by AR1), the paper is formatted incorrectly for ICLR: the font color is off, and more importantly the PDF is unsearchable (text cannot be selected, ctrl-F does not work), which makes it very difficult to quickly reference and review. Please try not to stray from the conference-provided style file for future submissions.

I appreciate the cleverness of the method, the extent of the evaluation, and the thorough responses to the reviews. However, unfortunately with the current presentation, it is too difficult to discern the benefit of the proposed approach from the manuscript. The approach is nonetheless intuitively appealing and seems quite promising, and I hope the authors will take the reviewers' good feedback into account and resubmit the paper in the future.

Generated Summary 461:
Con: This paper is a very interesting read, but I am not convinced of its fit for XAIP. There is an attempt in the Related Work section to establish a connection to contrastive explanations. However, a mere property that distinguishes two plans is not automatically an explanation for "why certain events occur." For instance, consider two plans both fulfilling goal p. The first plan results in p, q, the second plan in not-q. Thus, eventually(q) distinguished both plans. What does this formula explain beyond that two plans are different? The authors propose a decision tree based method to cluster a set of plan traces in an unsupervised fashion and yield an LTL formula for each cluster (as a consequence of tree traversal on the generated Decision Tree). The authors also perform some interesting evaluations to justify the effectiveness of their method
Gold Metareview 461:
The paper presents a decision-tree approach for clustering plan traces and delineate them using linear temporal logic.

Both reviewers agree that the paper is well-written, it tackles a very interesting problem, and the technical methodology is sound. However, the reviewers also indicate two major problems with the paper: 1) the connection to XAIP is unclear; and 2) the work appears to be preliminary and incremental. Generally, the paper’s topic concerns plan summarization, which falls within the umbrella of XAIP, and a preliminary/incremental work is within the scopes of a workshop program. As such, in light of keeping the workshop a fruitful venue for discussion and dissemination of information, I am recommending accepting the paper.

Nonetheless, we urge to authors to reflect on the reviewer’s comments and address them in their revised version of the paper. Specifically, we hope the authors make a clear connection of their method to XAIP. Additionally, as the proposed approach builds heavily on the BayesLTL framework, the authors should include an overview of that framework and also explain the novelty of their approach compared to BayesLTL.

Generated Summary 462:
Rating: 5: Borderline accept: Technically solid paper where reasons to accept outweigh reasons to reject, e.g., limited evaluation. Math/other details were not carefully checked. The theoretical results are well-motivated and presented. If you factor in the complexity results, does the method still compare favorably to prior methods? Riemannian first-order optimization algorithm for smooth and geodesically-convex functions over a compact and Geodesically -Convex set on Hadamard manifolds .
Gold Metareview 462:
The paper deals with accelerated methods on Riemannian manifolds. A particular challenge that the paper tries to address, which the AC believes is important, is related to the bounding of the iterates. The paper starts with an explicit bounding constraint on the manifold (and relaxes to the ball constraint for certain manifolds) and shows that the proposed algorithm can respect that while achieving acceleration. The reviewers including this AC see the merits of the paper. However, the paper in its current form is far from complete. A particular concern is on the empirical performance of the algorithm, resolving which should strengthen the paper. I would encourage the authors to build on the discussions and polish the paper accordingly.

Even though the paper has positive scores, the paper in its current form is a borderline paper with significant scope for improvement. To this end, the AC cannot accept the paper.

Generated Summary 463:
This paper proposes a learnable bloom filter architecture. While the details of the architecture seemed a bit too complicated for me to grasp (see more on this later), via experiments the authors show that the learned bloom filters are more compact than regular bloom filters and can outperform other neural architectures when it comes to retrieving seen items. During retrieval, if all of the bits hashed to are 1 then we say we've seen the query.
Gold Metareview 463:
This work proposes and interesting approach to learn approximate set membership. While the proposed architecture is rather closely related to existing work, it is still interesting, as recognized by reviewers. Authors's substantial rewrites has also helped make the paper clearer. However, the empirical merits of the approach are still a bit limited; when combined with the narrow novelty compared to existing work, this makes the overall contribution a bit too thin for ICLR. Authors are encouraged to strengthen their work by showing more convincing practical benefit of their approach.

Generated Summary 464:
A new RL environment for reinforcement learning applications to agriculture and farming, CyclesGym, is a useful environment for evaluating and training RL algorithms on multi-year, multi-crop agriculture. This environment is useful to the community studying applications of RL to agriculture. Current benchmarks focus on single-year agriculture. OpenAI Gym architecture should be more defined in section 5 with some examples. Limited geographical locations (US, New Holland and Rock Springs ) and rotation for the simulation not representative of the US This paper introduces RL environments based on the multi year, multicrop crop grow model (CGM) Cycles for open field agriculture. The authors conduct several experiments to show that this environment makes a meaningful contribution within the RL space.
Gold Metareview 464:
This proposal introduces CylesGym, the first Reinforcement Learning (RL) benchmark targeted at long horizon decision making in agriculture. Crucially, while prior work addresses single-year decision making, CylesGym captures the long term effects that one year's crop has on future generations. 

The benchmark is clearly highly relevant and opens up a new frontier for RL researchers, making it a valuable contribution to the field. Furthermore, the benchmark does a good job of highlighting interesting opportunities for RL method development, such as costly information gathering, and evaluating current algorithms compared to baselines. 

There was an active discussion between the reviewers and authors of the benchmark which resolved the majority of issues raised in the initial reviews. As a result there is broad support across the reviewers for the paper. A lingering concern is the sim-to-real gap which is mentioned at a number of places in the paper but could be emphasised more. 

Lastly, the paper is well written and the evaluation sound. I believe this benchmark will be welcome by the community but I recommend that the authors address the concerns regarding the writing raised by  Reviewer MEYG, in particular regarding the utility for the agriculture community. In general I do not believe that issues which can be addressed in writing should be a reason to reject but those concerns should be addressed for the final version. 

Generated Summary 465:
This paper presents a simple procedure for domain adaptation in Knowledge Graph Question Answering. The paper considers the setting where the knowledge graph used to back the QA system contains the necessary facts for a test-time domain, but the training domain didn't cover an example that required inference over that subdomain. To bridge the gap, the paper proposed a simplified procedure for constructing synthetic questions over the relations in the test domain. The empirical gains are modest but consistent empirical gains across the different domains considered.
Gold Metareview 465:
This paper studies the problem of simple question answering over new, unseen domains during test time. A domain adaption framework and a seq2seq question generation method have been proposed to tackle this problem and demonstrates significant improvements over the previous baselines.

All the reviewers agreed that this paper is well-written and the results are convincing, but the problem is relatively narrow with a focused contribution.  Several reviewers also questioned whether this paper contains enough technical contributions. Some other issues have been already addressed during the discussion phase (long tail relations, presentation issues, and adding more related work).

However, we recommend accepting the paper considering the simplicity and effectiveness of the approach. We think it would lead to more discussion/future work in this direction.

Generated Summary 466:
This paper describes experiments that inject linguistic information into BERT, then measure improvements in correlation with FMRI measurements of humans reading an underlying sentence (which is also analyzed by BERT). Linguistic information is incorporated by biasing attention heads to line up with dependency structures. The authors conduct experiments with the BERT model and two fMRI datasets and show that including linguistic structure through fine-tuning can improve brain decoding performance.
Gold Metareview 466:
This paper explores the effect on decoding accuracy (predicting hidden representations from fMRI datasets) from fine tuning models by injecting structural bias.  This paper specifically focuses the attention of BERT on syntactic features of the text, which (for one dataset) appears to improve the decoding performance.  The paper's motivation is strong, and complex concepts are communicated clearly.

The review period was very productive.  There were some questions about analyses, and the validity of the statistical tests, but through some very thorough back and forth with the reviewers, this seems to have been resolved.  There is a good amount of analysis done on the resulting language models to try and determine the impact of finetuning or attention on the models. However, the results on the fMRI two datasets appear to be very different, and it's unclear why (and isn't clearly related back to the extensive language model analyses).  We would have liked to have seen a more thorough analysis of the stark difference in performance, and some convincing explanations for the difference based on the analyses.  


P.s. A minor point, but the Wehbe paper uses Chapter 9 of Harry potter, not chapter 2.


Generated Summary 467:
The E2W is a convex regularization algorithm for Monte-Carlo Tree Search (MCTS). It is compared empirically with PUCT as a policy search in Alpha-go style MCTS. This paper essentially explores the duality of policies and corresponding (regularized) values. The paper provides theoretical analysis of three instantiations of the normalizations. Finally, the paper provides some empirical gains on certain toy domains and some atari games. A general framework for regularized Monte Carlo tree search.
Gold Metareview 467:
Most of the reviewers pointed out a lack of rigor of this submission, unclear contributions, not too convincing claims and empirical gains. I thank the authors for the effort put in revising the paper and responding to the reviewer concerns. However, the reviewers did not deem them convincing enough.

Generated Summary 468:
This paper introduces a method to utilize partially labeled data for the CTC loss. It uses a wild-card for the beginning of the sequence and uses unconstrained endpoints for the ending. This helps to support the claim of the paper better. The experiments are fair and the effectiveness of the approach is confirmed using simulated masked data. It is great that the results are given for three different domains.
Gold Metareview 468:
This paper proposes an extension of CTC by considering the wild-card to adjust the label missing issues during training. The authors propose to minimize the loss over all possible sub-segments of the input to automatically align the one that matches the available transcript. It is empirically proved to significantly improve performance over CTC even if up to 40-70% label sequence is missed (overall performance similar to the complete label case) across different tasks. 

As agreed by the reviewers, the paper is well presented and the problem is interesting to a broad community. Dynamic time warping with unconstrained endpoints itself is not a new idea and a classical topic for speech recognition (e.g. word spotting). The contribution of the paper is the formal introduction of the approach to CTC and to give experimental results to confirm the effectiveness. Also the use of simulated data weakens the paper a bit.

The decision is mainly based on the clear presentation and fair experimental justification.

Generated Summary 469:
Good paper, accept confidence: 3: The reviewer is fairly confident that the evaluation is correct. Overall, a good paper. The almost 10 pages are perhaps a bit excessive considering there was an (informal) 8 page limit. I'd give it 7 stars if I could. The authors are obviously very knowledgeable in graph convnets, graph signal processing, and optimisation. However, there are really too many things in this paper, which leads to numerous shortcuts, and some time confusion. This is an excellent paper.
Gold Metareview 469:
The reviewers unanimously agreed that the paper was a significant advance in the field of machine learning on graph-structured inputs. They commented particularly on the quality of the research idea, and its depth of development. The results shared by the researchers are compelling, and they also report optimal hyperparameters, a welcome practice when describing experiments and results.

A small drawback the reviewers highlighted is the breadth of the content in the paper, which gave the impression of a slight lack of focus. Overall, the paper is a clear advance, and I recommend it for acceptance. 

Generated Summary 470:
This paper illustrates an adaptive based data augmentation method named as AdaAug that searches adaptive augmentation policies in a class-dependent and potentially instance-dependent manner to improve the generalisation capability of deep learning models. This paper proposes an efficient exploition-exploration workflow to search for an augmentation policy that optimizes the generalization performance. This work could be the first trial to *automatically* learn augmentation magnitudes. It is not a new idea to explore the class or subgroup conditional augmentation as introduced in the related work, but the originality may not be overwhelmed since this work may be the only trial to do so.
Gold Metareview 470:
Reviewers agreed that this work is well-motivated and presents a novel approach for data augmentation around the adaptive augmentation policies. There were some concerns around the lack of ablation studies and unclear performance improvements, which were addressed well by the authors’ responses. Thus, I recommend an acceptance.

Generated Summary 471:
Summary: This paper is a good example of a computational linguistics approach. It's not clear what the overall goal of the work is, but it's interesting to see what the authors are trying to achieve. The main problem with this paper is that it doesn't seem to have a clear goal in mind. There are a number of problems with this work, but I'm not sure what's the overall aim of this work.
Gold Metareview 471:
This paper is a computational linguistic study of the semantics that can be inferred form text corpora given parsers (which are trained on human data) are used to infer the verbs and their objects in text. The reviewers agreed that the work was well executed, and that the experiments comparing the resulting representations to human data were solid. The method employed has little or no technical novelty (in my opinion, not necessarily a flaw), and it's not clear what tasks (beyond capturing human data) representations could be applied to (again, not a problem if the goal is to develop theories of cognition). 

The first draft of the work missed important connections to the computational linguistics literature, where learning about 'affordances for verbs' (referred to as 'selectional preferences') has long been an important goal. The authors did a good job of setting out these connections in the revised manuscript, which the reviewers appreciated. 

The work is well executed, and should be commended for relating ideas from different sub-fields in its motivation and framing. But my sincere view is that it does not meet the same standards of machine-learning or technical novelty met by other papers at this conference. It is unclear to me what the framing in terms of 'affordance' adds to a large body of literature studying the semantics of word embeddings, given various syntactically and semantically-informed innovations.  It feels to me like this work would have been an important contribution to the literature in 2013, but given the current state of the art in representation learning from text and jointly learning from text and other modalities, I would like to have seen some attempt to incorporate these techniques and bridge the gap between the notion of affordance in text/verbs (selectional preference) and Gibson's notion of object affordance (what you can do physically with an object) in experiments and modelling, not just in the discussion. Such a programme of research could yield fascinating insights into the nature of grounding, and the continuum from the concrete, which can be perceived and directly experienced, to the abstract, which must be learned from text. I encourage the authors to continue in this direction. An alternative is to consider submitting the current manuscript to venue where the primary focus is cognitive modelling, and accounting for human, behavioural data, and where there is less emphasis on the development of novel methods or models.

For these reasons, and considering the technical scope of related papers in the programme, I cannot fairly recommend acceptance in this case. 

Generated Summary 472:
Weak accept confidence: 4: The reviewer is confident but not absolutely certain that the evaluation is correct - based on two open datasets available in cardiac cine-MRI (ACDC and Sunnybrook cardiac data) Reported accuracy is good. The experiments on data augmentation and fine tuning (which is not really commented) are somehow out of place. The purpose of the paper is to show the value of the synthetic data generation. A method for GAN generation of cardiac MR images along with generated anatomical segmentations for these new images. The authors then train a segmentation network and demonstrate improved results (in general) when the training set is expanded with GAN-generated images and their (generated) segmentations.
Gold Metareview 472:
This paper describes a way to use VAE to produce more MR images, which in turn contribute to segmentation. Review comments are generally at borderline. The novelty and evaluation of the paper might be limited though.

Generated Summary 473:
Summary: Confidence: 4: The empirical results are rather convincing for what is primarily a theoretical contribution. The authors first thoroughly investigate various permutations of their modular sparse combination network framework (# RNNs vs size of each using absolute value weight constraints) and do another investigation of their alternative SVD weight constraint network (which doesn’t perform as well or train as quickly). Most importantly, they then show that they can best SOTA algorithms on some of the common benchmarks in the field, even under (and perhaps because of) these constraints.
Gold Metareview 473:
In the context of recurrent neural networks, the motivation of the paper is to explore the "space" between fully trained models and almost not trained models, e.g. echo state networks, using a formal approach. In fact, a modular approach has proven to be very successful in many practical applications, and in addition brain seems to adopt this strategy as well. The addressed theoretical issue is stability of the network (i.e., the network implements a contraction map.) Specifically, it is assumed that a network is composed of a set of subnetworks that meet by construction some stability condition, and the problem is to design a mixing weight matrix, interconnecting the latent spaces of the subnetworks, able to give stability guarantees during and after training. Some novel stability conditions are proposed as well as two different approaches to design a successful mixing weight matrix. The original submitted paper was not easy to read, and after revision major problems with presentation have been resolved, although the current version looks more like an ordered collection of results/statements than a smooth and integrated flow of discourse. The revision has also addressed some concerns by reviewers on the role of size and sparsity of the modules, as well as the sensitivity of the stabilization condition on the mixing weight matrix has been experimentally assessed, obtaining interesting results. Overall the paper reports interesting results, however the novelty of the contribution seems to be a bit weak, e.g. stability conditions on recurrent networks (although different from the reported ones) were already presented in literature. Also the idea of exploiting, in one of the proposed models,  the fact that the matrix exponential of a skew-symmetric matrix is orthogonal to maintain the convergence condition during training, is not novel. Moreover, the experimental assessment does not provide a direct comparison, under the same architectural/learning setting, of the novel stability results versus the ones already presented in literature. Empirical results are obtained on simple tasks (using datasets with sequences of identical length), and relatively small networks, which limits a bit the scope of the assessment, as well as it is not clear if the observed improvements (where obtained) are statistically significant (especially when compared with results obtained by networks with the same order of parameters.) The quality of the assessment would increase significantly by considering datasets with sequences of different lengths, and involving more challenging tasks that do require larger networks.

Generated Summary 474:
A novel family of concept bottleneck models that address the problem of conceptual bottlenecks. The authors propose Concept Embedding Models (CEMs) which perform better than CBMs and their variants on downstream tasks. Weaknesses: Accept: Technically solid, moderate-to-high impact paper, with no major concerns with respect to evaluation, resources, reproducibility, ethical considerations. This paper introduces a model named concept embedding model based on Concept bottleneck model architecture.
Gold Metareview 474:
This paper proposes Concept Embedding Models, which learn interpretable high-dimensional concept representations to exploit the tradeoff between accuracy, interpretability, and interventions on concepts. Reviewers vote for accepting this paper. The authors are encouraged to further improve this work based on reviewers’ comments in the camera ready and put the new experiments and discussions during the author-reviewer discussion phrase into the final revision, in particular the following:

- Add statistical significance test of experimental results
- Compare training costs and model sizes
- Better justify the proposed CAS mechanism
- Investigate the robustness of learned concepts
- Address the fairness concerns raised by reviewers in comparison with baselines


Generated Summary 475:
7: A novel idea of using contingency awareness to aid exploration in sparse-reward reinforcement learning tasks. They obtain great results on challenging Atari tasks and a new SOTA on Montezuma’s Revenge without extra supervision or information. They use an inverse dynamics model with attention, (trained with self-supervision) to predict the agent’s actions between consecutive states. This allows them to approximate the agent's position in 2D environments, which is then used as part of the state representation to encourage efficient exploration.
Gold Metareview 475:
The paper addresses the challenging and important problem of exploration in sparse-rewards settings. The authors propose a novel use of contingency awareness, i.e., the agent's understanding of the environment features that are under its direct control, in combination with a count-based approach to exploration. The model is trained using an inverse dynamics model and attention mechanism and is shown to be able to identify the controllable character. The resulting exploration approach achieves strong empirical results compared to alternative count-based exploration techniques. The reviewers note that the novel approach has potential for opening up potential fruitful directions for follow-up research. The obtained strong empirical results are another strong indication of the value of the proposed idea.


The reviewers mention several potential weaknesses. First, while the proposed idea is general, the specific implementation seems targetted specifically towards Atari games. While Atari is a popular benchmark domain, this raises questions as to whether insights can be more generally applied. Second, several questions were raised regarding the motivation for some of the presented modeling choices (e.g., loss terms) as well as their impact on the empirical results. Ablation studies were recommended as a step to resolving these questions Reviewer 3 questioned whether the learned state representation could be directly used as an additional input to the agent, and if it would improve performance. Finally, several related works were suggested that should be included in the discussion of related work.

The authors carefully addressed the issues raised by the reviewers, running additional comparisons and adding to the original empirical insights. Several issues of clarity were resolved in the paper and in the discussion. Reviewer 3 engaged with the authors and confirmed that they are satisfied with the resulting submission. The AC judges that the suggestions of reviewer 1 have been addressed to a satisfactory level. A remaining issue regarding results reporting was raised anonymously towards the end of the review period, and the AC encourages the authors to address this issue in their camera ready version.

Generated Summary 476:
Rating: 4: Technically solid, moderate-to-high impact paper, with no major concerns with respect to evaluation, resources, reproducibility, ethical considerations. This paper proposed incorporating surprise minimization in multi-agent reinforcement learning (MARL) through temporal energy models for capturing the uncertainty across agents. Moreover, this paper analysed the relationship to soft Q-learning and gave a convergence analysis for the proposed algorithm according to the theory called EMIX.
Gold Metareview 476:
All reviewers appreciated the quality of the paper, its contributions, clarity and theoretical justification, and novelty. I agree with the reviewers in recommending acceptance.

Generated Summary 477:
(https://doi.org/10.1016/j.asi.ac.uk/10.1186/1471/aia/content/10.1.0/). Rating: 8: Strong Accept: Technically strong paper, with novel ideas, excellent impact on at least one area, or high-to-excellent impact on multiple areas, with excellent evaluation, resources, and reproducibility, and no unaddressed ethical considerations
Gold Metareview 477:
This paper proposes a novel method for variational inference based on Wasserstein flows. The key contribution is perhaps the rigorous guarantees that are derived from an assumption of log-concavity. While the initial submission was unaware of some existing work on VI that derives guarantees from similar log concavity or smoothness assumptions, the proof strategy that is given uses novel technical methods, and thus is of interest in any case. Readers would benefit from a detailed discussion that can contextualize this work to previous work, which the authors have committed to doing.

Generated Summary 478:
A GNN-based method for objective space decomposition in IP problems. A learning-based solver for multi-objective integer programming. A novel two-stage GNN as a parameterized policy to learn the reduction rule for ODA by imitation learning. The paper is a solid paper with a high impact on a wide range of domains. This paper is strictly designed for the ODA approach to be solved, which allows it to gain the performance improvements, but does perhaps not leave much room for further generalization. However, since ODA is already a general problem, this should be okay. This work is generally well-written and easy to follow. MOIP problems can be found in many real-world applications, while they are usually very hard to be resolved optimally.
Gold Metareview 478:

In this paper, the authors exploit imitation learning with a two-stage GNN to learn the reduction rule for ODA to accelerate the solver and reduce the unnecessary computation. The authors evaluate the performances of the proposed method and demonstrate the advantages. 


In sum, this paper consider an interesting application of machine learning for optimization and provide a promising solution. All reviewers provide relatively positive feedback of this submission. 

Please consider the reviewers' suggestions to improve the submission:

- Justify the MDP modeling with concrete definition of the state and action for the reduction rule for ODA. 

- Specify the data set construction and justify the generalization ability in the imitation learning. 
- Provide comprehensive comparison, especially with PMOCO. 
 

Generated Summary 479:
Confidence: 3: You are fairly confident in your assessment. I have some questions and suggestions and hope the authors could clarify them during the rebuttal. The decomposition and discussion of the losses around Eq. 2 and Table 1 have been partially discussed in prior work (e.g., https://arxiv.org/abs/1706.02262), and I believe it is not your key contribution. The results appear convincing and beating relevant baselines (though with the disclaimer that mostly these baselines seem rather old by now; some of the relevant comparisons from the last 2 years might be missing, but I cannot name any)
Gold Metareview 479:
This paper proposes an algorithm for achieving disentangled representations by encouraging low mutual information between features at each layer, rather than only at the encoder output, and proposes a neural architecture for learning. Empirically, the proposed method achieves good disentanglement metric and likelihood (reconstruction error) in comparison to prior methods. The reviewers think that the methodology is natural and novel to their knowledge, and are happy with the detailed execution. The authors are encouraged to improve the presentation of the paper, by providing rigorous formulation of the "Markov chains" to avoid confusions, justification of the independence assumptions behind them, and more in-depth discussions of the learning objectives.

Generated Summary 480:
This paper proposes a method for mean-variance trade-off optimization in RL. The method, named EQUMRL, tries to optimize the Pareto efficiency by maximizing the quadratic utility function. The proposed method mitigates the double sampling issue that appeared in prior work thus simplifies the optimization procedure. The authors also provided experiments to demonstrate the benefits of the algorithm. Three investment-related experiments are performed for the REINFORCE-based algorithm and demonstrate its good performance compared with existing algorithms.
Gold Metareview 480:
This is a borderline paper with some reviewers voted for acceptance and some think it is not still ready. What is clear is more efforts by the authors is needed to make the paper appealing to reviewers with different interests. Changes such as better writing, more in depth literature review, more convincing experiments can definitely improve the quality of the paper. I personally do not think regret analysis is needed for this work, but it was mentioned by a reviewer. I would suggest the authors to use the reviewers' comments, revise their work, and prepare it for future conferences.

Generated Summary 481:
# Paper strengths - This paper presents a novel segmentation scheme that combines the block motion vectors for feature warping, bi-directional propagation, and feature fusion. Experiments demonstrate its effectiveness compared with alternative methods. However, I still have several concerns: 1. This paper proposes a method for accelerating semantic segmentation on video content at higher resolutions. They first compute features of keyframes, then interpolate intermediate frames based on block-motion vectors (BMV), and finally fuse the interpolated features as input to the prediction network. The experiments show that the model outperforms one recent closely related work wrt inference time while preserving accuracy.
Gold Metareview 481:
Strengths:
Paper uses an efficient inference procedure cutting inference time on intermediate frames by 53%, & yields better accuracy and IOU compared to the one recent closely related work.

The ablation study seems sufficient and well-designed. The paper presents two feature propagation strategies and three feature fusion methods. The experiments compare these different settings, and show that interpolation-BMV is indeed a better feature propagation.

Weaknesses: Reviewers believed the work to be of limited novelty. The algorithm is close to the optical-flow based models Shelhamer et al. (2016) and Zhu et al. (2017). Reviewer asserts that the main difference is that the optical-flow is replaced with BMV, which is a byproduct of modern cameras.  R3 felt that there was Insufficient experimental comparison with other baselines and that technical details were not clear enough.

Contention: Authors assert that Shelhamer et al. (2016) does not use optical flow, and instead simply copies features from frame to frame (and schedules this copying). Zhu et al. (2017) then proposes an improvement to this scheme, forward feature warping with optical flow. In general, both these techniques fail to achieve speedups beyond small multiples of the baseline (< 3x), without impacting accuracy.

Consensus: It was disappointing that some of the reviewers did not engage after the author review (perhaps initial impressions were just too low). However, after the author rebuttal R1 did respond and held to the position that the work should not be accepted, justified by the assertion that other modern architectures that are lighter weight and are able to produce fast predictions. 


Generated Summary 482:
A solid paper on the Wasserstein DRO problem, with strong results and proofs, and no unaddressed ethical considerations. The paper constructs a unified framework to construct the -coreset for the general WDRO problems. Rating: 5: Borderline accept: Technically solid paper where reasons to accept outweigh reasons to reject, e.g., limited evaluation. Confidence: 3: You are fairly confident in your assessment.
Gold Metareview 482:
From the reviewers' comments and my own reading of the paper, the idea of bringing the notion of coreset from computational geometry to bear on the WDRO problem is novel and has the potential of further development. The authors should carefully address the reviewers' comments in the revision.

Generated Summary 483:
Rating: 6 - Marginally above acceptance threshold. Confidence: 3 - The reviewer is fairly confident that the evaluation is correct. One question which is bothering me is: Given that one hot encoding is not optimal, can one find optimal (highly resistant to any attack) encryption? One may use evolutionary computing to empirically analyse such a encryption or one may come up an existence/non-existence proof. A random orthogonal output vector ecoding is more robust to adversarial attacks than the ubiquitous softmax.
Gold Metareview 483:
This paper proposes a method for improving robustness to black-box adversarial attacks by replacing the cross-entropy layer with an output vector encoding scheme. The paper is well-written, and the approach appears to be novel. However, Reviewer 4 raises very relevant concerns regarding the experimental evaluation of the method, including (a) lack of robustness without AT in the whitebox case (which is very relevant as we still lack good understanding of blackbox vs whitebox robustness) (b) comparison with Kannan et al and (c) lack of some common strong attacks. Reviewer 1 echoes many of these concerns.

Generated Summary 484:
This paper proposes a Siamese-based single object tracking method using attention mechanism both in channel-wise and spatial-wise for learning deep correlation between exemplar and candidate images. The design of the network is reasonable, including using template's channel information to help the search branch to learn more specific feature, using spatial attention to aggregate location information from the depth-wise correlation, and utilizing Anchor-Free regression head to locate the object.
Gold Metareview 484:
All three reviewers initially recommended reject.  The main concerns were:
1) weak technical contribution and insight [R1, R2, R3, R4];
2) incremental novelty (another variation of SiamFC) [R1, R2, R3];
3) unconvincing experiment results against missing SOTA [R1, R2, R3];

The author's response did not assuage these concerns.

Generated Summary 485:
This paper introduces an improvement of the "Hyperbolic Neural Networks" (HNN) proposed by Ganea et al. and published at Neurips 2018. The authors consider in particular the multinomial logistic regression problem. The probability score of a category is determined by a linear separator and a bias term. In the vanilla HNN, two sets of parameters, each of dimensionality n (i.e. 2n in total), are learned to adapt the problem to hyperbolic geometry.
Gold Metareview 485:
The paper introduces new methods and building blocks to improve hyperbolic neural networks, including a tighter parameterization of fully connected layers, convolution, and concatenate/split operations to define a version of hyperbolic multi-head attention. The paper is well written and relevant to the ICLR community. The proposed methods offer solid improvements over previous approaches in various aspects of constructing hyperbolic neural networks and also extends their applicability. As such, the paper provides valuable contributions to advance research in learning non-Euclidean representations and HNNs. All reviewers and the AC support acceptance for the paper's contributions. Please consider revising your paper to take feedback from reviewers after reubttal into account.

Generated Summary 486:
[1] Xuan H, Stylianou A, Pless R. Improved Embeddings with Easy Positive Triplet Mining[C], /The Conference on Advanced Computer Science, p. 69-70. [2] Ying Y, Xiao X, Yong Y. , et al. : a simple positive sampling scheme in metric learning: only sampling the easiest positive for each anchor.
Gold Metareview 486:
This paper is truly borderline. On one hand, the theoretical contribution seems novel and interesting, however, there appears to be somewhat of a gap between theory and practice. 

There is unfortunately another problem. According to the authors, the main contribution of this publication is arguably the introduction of the nearest neighbor as the positive example in the triplet loss. However, the authors seem to be unaware of the history of the triplet loss. It was originally introduced by Schultz & Joachims 2004 as a loss over all triplets.  Weinberger et al. 2005 changed it and use the nearest neighbor as "target neighbor", which is called "easy positives" here, as the objective of LMNN. In 2009 Chechik et al. subsequently relaxed this positive neighbor formulation to any similarly labeled sample (going back to the Schultz & Joachims formulation) but sampling triplets. The re-introduction of the nearest neighbor as "easy positive" was then covered by Xuan et al. 2020.  

Unfortunately all of this diminishes the novelty significantly and it is clear that the paper in its current form does not have a strong enough contribution. I do encourage the authors to take a close look at the original LMNN publication and Xuan et al and write an improved re-submission for the next conference that maybe focuses more on the theoretical contribution. 
Good luck,

AC

Generated Summary 487:
I found the paper to be very well-written and the core ideas are well-explained. However, I would like to indicate that I haven’t checked the proofs in a very detailed manner and just went over them at a high-level. It's a good idea to extend the notion of "value equivalence" among MDPs w.r.t. sets of policies and value functions (and number of steps) to "approximate value eqvalence," that permits the values after k steps of the policy to differ by up to some parameter epsilon.
Gold Metareview 487:
A key discussion point in the rebuttal phase was the practical use of the proposed bounds, which two of the three reviewers brought up. The authors in response added an additional section (Section 6) and experiment to address this concern. While some concerns regarding the practical use of these bounds remain, the authors have made a sufficiently convincing case in my view. Hence, I recommend acceptance.

Generated Summary 488:
CLEVR-based compositionality is not a particularly groundbreaking study, but it is a good one. However, the novelty of the dataset as a whole is limited, as it is effectively a modification of CLE VR. It is not yet clear to me what the benefit of the audio modality is. A few-shot meta-learning problem to measure compositional concept learning under uncertainty. The authors mention that the concept space is unbounded and uncertain. Therefore, there could potentially be an infinite number of concepts where the positive samples are satisfied. Is it possible to make sure that the positive cases and the negative cases can prune all other concepts to make the actual concept tested in $D_supp$ is unique? If not, during testing, how to make certain a ''negative' sample is truly negative rather than coincidentally satisfying the concept?
Gold Metareview 488:
This paper was reviewed by 3 experts in the field. The reviewers raised their concerns on lack of novelty, unconvincing experiment, and the presentation of this paper, While the paper clearly has merit, the decision is not to recommend acceptance. The authors are encouraged to consider the reviewers' comments when revising the paper for submission elsewhere.

Generated Summary 489:
Rating: 4: Ok but not good enough - rejection. Confidence: 3: The reviewer is confident but not absolutely certain that the evaluation is correct. This paper proposes a multi-task Transformer that does speech and machine translation within the same framework. It proposes task adaptive parameters by modulating model parameters to account for differences in tasks. The notion of training speech and language helps a little but I think it is insufficient to feel excited about.
Gold Metareview 489:
This paper proposes an approach for improving MultiTaskLearning by providing a way of incorporating task specific information.

Pros:
1) All reviewers agreed that the paper is clearly written
2) Interesting to see a single model for AST, STS (speech-to-speech translation) and MT 

Cons:
1) The work is not adequately compared with related work (some important references are also missing) - The authors did perform some additional experiments with T5  and pointed out some drawbacks but this needs to be explored a bit more.
2) The answers about scalability are not very convincing and need more empirical results. 

Overall, none of the reviewers were very positive about the paper and felt that while this is a good first attempt, more work is needed to make it suitable for acceptance. 

Generated Summary 490:
An empirical study that shows that a combination of different regularizers outperforms a single regularizer, and that the benefits of regularization improves for smaller datasets. This paper provides previously-lacking in-depth empiri-cal evidence to better understand the importance of combining different mechanisms for regularization, one of the most fundamental Concepts in Machine Learning. The results of this study are somewhat expected. More parameterization makes systems better, everything is task dependent.
Gold Metareview 490:
The paper in its most recent version claims that deep neural networks, when very carefully regularized, outperform methods such as Gradient Boosting Trees on tabular data. This is genuinely surprising to me (in a good way), and I suppose it is as well to the community.

The paper initially received negative reviews with two key remarks that "The results are somewhat expected." (R4, R3, R2). Indeed, the original version mainly stated that very careful regularization helps on tabular data.  Naturally, the reviewers (including myself) seen then as the second key weakness that "All experiments are run on tabular data." (R4, R3).

Based on the reviews, the Authors have clarified and changed their message. I think it is well summarized by R2 "The paper has been significantly refocused and now sells itself as a way of deep neural networks being competitive versus gradient boosting methods, which are dominating the tabular heterogeneous tasks."

As R2 said and was reflected in comments by other reviewers, "[...] convinced by authors response on paper novelty, technical contribution and (after the re-focusing) potential usefulness to the community".

Given the new message of the paper, a key new question surfaces. Is this indeed the first convincing demonstration that deep learning can outperform more standard methods on tabular data? R2 pointed out TabNet (see also Google Cloud offering) that already in 2019 claimed "beating GB methods for the tabular data". There is also NeurIPS work "Regularization Learning Networks: Deep Learning
for Tabular Datasets"; their abstract opens with "Despite their impressive performance, Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) typically underperform Gradient Boosting Trees (GBTs) on many tabular-dataset learning tasks. We propose that applying a different regularization coefficient to each weight might boost the performance of DNNs by allowing them to make more use
of the more relevant inputs". The latter work did not claim to beat GBT. Regardless, the two works should be carefully discussed and compared empirically to in the new version of the work. 

I am also not yet fully convinced by the added comparison to GDBT. Arguably, AutoML from the sklearn package is not the most popular way to use GDBT in practice. How would regularization cocktails compare to GDBT from XGBoost, optimized using either random search or bayesian optimization?

Based on the above, I have to recommend the rejection of the paper. The key reason is: *the new reframing of the paper is exciting but warrants a much more detailed and careful evaluation*.

I really appreciate the work the Authors have put in clarifying and changing the message of the paper. I understand this is disappointing that we won't be able to include the work in ICLR. Nevertheless, I hope that the Authors found the feedback useful, and wanted to thank the Authors for submitting the work for consideration in ICLR.

Generated Summary 491:
This paper introduces a new objective to GAN training called “difference departure from normality” that is meant to encourage correlation between real and generated samples projected into some subspace. This is intended to prevent instability during training. The experimental results support the authors' argument about the improved stability and results in terms of objective metrics. One thing I wish the paper could improve is about the reason as to why the proposed method is superior to the existing regularization techniques, which is somewhat buried in the mathematical details. Another more serious issue is that the method is strictly limited to spectral domain of Schur decomposition.
Gold Metareview 491:
The paper proposes a trick for stabilizing GAN training and reports experiment results on spectrogram synthesis. All the reviewers rate the paper below the bar, citing various concerns, including a lack of clarity and unconvincing results. Several reviewers suggest conducting evaluations in the image domain as most of the GAN training techniques are proposed in the image domain. After consolidating the reviews and rebuttal, the area chair finds the reviewer's argument convincing and would not recommend acceptance of the paper.

Generated Summary 492:
This is a solid paper, with an interesting and reasonable approach to quantifying compositionality, and a fairly compelling set of results. The reported experiments cover reasonable ground in terms of questions relevant to compositionality (relationship to representation compression, generalization), and I appreciate the comparison to human judgments, which lends credibility to applicability of the framework. The authors start with a very clean example, that can potentially facilitate clarifying in a visual way the process of obtaining the measure. However, the name of the measure is too confusing and not justified by the experiments and the data. Rating: 7
Gold Metareview 492:
This paper presents a method for measuring the degree to which some representation for a composed object effectively represents the pieces from which it is composed. All three authors found this to be an important topic for study, and found the paper to be a limited but original and important step toward studying this topic. However, two reviewers expressed serious concerns about clarity, and were not fully satisfied with the revisions made so far. I'm recommending acceptance, but I ask the authors to further revise the paper (especially the introduction) to make sure it includes a blunt and straightforward presentation of the problem under study and the way TRE addresses it.

I'm also somewhat concerned at R2's mention of a potential confound in one experiment. The paper has been updated with what appears to be a fix, though, and R2 has not yet responded, so I'm presuming that this issue has been resolved.

I also ask the authors to release code shortly upon de-anonymization, as promised.

Generated Summary 493:
Reject: This paper introduces a general MCMC algorithm for approximating the joint posterior distribution of model parameters and true/denoised data, given a corrupted data set that has been privatized using an $epsilon$-differential privacy mechanism. They propose a pointwise Metropolis-Hastings step as the transition kernel for re-sampling the true data, and show that, under some mild conditions on the noise mechanism, the acceptance probability of this step is lower-bounded by $exp(-epsilion)$, which is non-vacuous for standard choices. A novel method for noise-aware DP Bayesian inference under DP is proposed.
Gold Metareview 493:
This paper presents a general MCMC algorithm for approximating the joint posterior distribution of model parameters and private data, given output from a differentially private algorithm. The paper provides new tools for Bayesian inference under privacy constraints, which can be useful for the differential privacy community. There are a few suggestions from the reviewers/discussion. First, even though the authors claimed their results are fully general, they should consider toning it down or at least clarifying upfront their "Record Additivity" assumption, which seems non-trivial. As one of the reviewers remarked, one of the limitations of this approach is that it will not scale well with high-dimensional data. The AC suggests the authors add this limitation in the discussion of the paper.

Other comments:
While not critical, the AC also has a question regarding the following part:
- In line 105: the assumption is that the density of the mechanism's output distribution is known. This has nothing to do with what privacy variant you use to analyze the mechanism. 

Generated Summary 494:
A systematic approach to address various aspects and conduct extensive experiments to show that having auxiliary task in the model significantly improved performance of the primary task, assigning higher learning capacity (number of parameters) to primary tasks and placing auxiliary supervision at the lower hierarchy significantly improves the performance on primary task. This paper addresses multi-task learning for multimodal emotion recognition on two existing datasets (IEMOCAP and SEMAINE). Strengths: This paper is motivated by the analysis of video-conferencing videos which is indeed a crucial and topical issue. However, this motivation is a little bit heavy-handed as the processed data are very different from video conferencing videos. The primary tasks (4-classes emotion classification using the same 4 emotions, and dimensions prediction) are very close to these auxiliary tasks. The paper adopts an experiments driven approach to test the three hypotheses, but the main issue is that this approach adopts a specific neural network method
Gold Metareview 494:
The initial reviews for this paper were very borderline. The authors provided detailed responses as well as a few additional results and observations. The authors' responses answered the reviewers' questions and addressed their main comments (including in the discussion of related works as well as with more in-depth analysis in a new Section 5.1). Unfortunately, the reviewers did not come to a consensus.

Overall, this paper extends some current methodology for emotional classification, is well-executed, and provides a reasonably thorough study. The results are somewhat in line with previous results from other fields (and notably NLP), but the authors demonstrate the efficacy of using primary multi-task learning for multimodal conversational analysis. 

Unfortunately, this paper also has some flaws as highlighted by the initial reviews. As stated above, the authors did provide a strong rebuttal, but given the different comments raised by the reviewers that spanned many aspects of the paper including motivation, possibly limited contribution and novelty, missing related work, somewhat shallow analysis of the results, I find that another full round of reviewing would be useful to assess the paper.

As a result, this remains a very borderline paper, and given the strong competition at this year's conference, I cannot recommend acceptance at this stage.

I suggest that the authors incorporate some of the discussions from this forum (and especially with respect to related work, new findings, and clearly defining the motivation and contribution of this work) into the next version of their paper.

Generated Summary 495:
8: Strong Accept: Technically strong paper with novel ideas, excellent impact on at least one area, or high-to-excellent impact on multiple areas, with excellent evaluation, resources, and reproducibility, and no unaddressed ethical considerations. Quality of the paper: a well-written, well-researched paper on morphemes while compressing word embeddings and achieving lossless compression while reducing the number of parameters.
Gold Metareview 495:
The paper presents a method to compress word embeddings using morphologically-enhanced tensorized embeddings. The main idea is decomposing a word embedding into a tensor product of multiple small vectors. This idea has been explored in previous work [1], the main contribution of this is using *morphological segmentation*, aiming to capture morphological features. 

The proposed method is compared to prior work on multiple tasks (machine translation, qeustion answering, etc), overall exhibiting strong performance in terms of compression rate & performance (though sometimes gains are pretty smaller compared to Word2ket (e.g., Table 2)). 

During the discussion phase, the authors provided the results with random, non-morpholgically inspired segmenation, which was useful. I’d recommend putting them into the main paper. Experimenting on morphologically rich languages (e.g., Finnish) would be useful. As well as sensitive study towards hyper parameters (e.g., dimensionality of morpheme embeddings) which can easily impact the compression rate & performance. 

Overall, the reviewers and AC is positive about the paper. 

[1] word2ket: Space-efficient Word Embeddings inspired by Quantum Entanglement
https://arxiv.org/abs/1911.04975

Generated Summary 496:
This paper is a good introduction to telegraphic summarization. It is well structured and easy to follow. However, the paper has little novelty compared with previous work on extractive and abstractive summaries. The advantages of the resulting summary are not well demonstrated. This paper provides an example which looks also very typical in news articles but actually gives an example that looks also quite typical in science fiction stories. The authors are a bit of a snob in the field of telegraphy.
Gold Metareview 496:
This paper presents methods for telegraphic summarization, a task that generates extremely short summaries.

There are concerns about the utility of the task in general, and also the novelty of the modeling framework.

There is overall consensus between reviewers regarding the paper's assessment the feedback is lukewarm.

Generated Summary 497:
I think that authors of this work made a good job. The idea of adaptation of quantization and frequency of communications is very nice; however, the broadcasting procedure seems to be very time-consuming. The authors theoretically show that such a bit allocation strategy leads to reduced communication. I think this paper is mainly about combining existing ideas, there is not a lot of algorithmic novelty in the paper. The author theoretically shows that such an ad-hoc bit allocation scheme leads to reduction of communication.
Gold Metareview 497:
Two of the initial reviews of the paper were mildly positive (2 scores of 6), and one was very positive (score of 8). However, these reviews failed to notice some severe issues with the paper, which were detailed by the Area Chair in an Extra Review which was provided late. The severe issues include: clarity of exposition (undefined notation in many places) and theory (vacuous or meaningless theorems and assumptions). I apologize to the authors for not having had the chance to defend against this late review. However, the issues are indeed severe.

Generated Summary 498:
Summary: ## Originality:## Quality:## This paper is of high quality, satisfactorily demonstrating the main claims of the paper, that groupwise grafting results in performance equivalent to the better-tuned optimizer that the learning rates are derived from. I would also appreciate further validation that the differences in directions between M and D are significant on the layerwise and global scale: given that M # D == M when the authors propose the technique of optimizer graft, which allows for the transfer of the overall implicit step size schedule from a tuned optimizer to a new optimizer, preserving empirical performance. This provides a robust plug-and-play baseline for optimizer comparisons.
Gold Metareview 498:
The paper proposed Trained ML oracles to find the decent direction and step size in optimization. The process they call grafting. Reviewers raised several concerns about the reliability of ML oracles in general settings which is valid. The rebuttal could not convince the reviewers to change their opinion.  Ideally for an empirical only paper with heavy reliability on ML for critical decisions, to meet the high bar of ICLR there must be several experiments (5-10 datasets or more) on diverse datasets and settings. Also, there should be discussions on when and how the method fails and related discussions. In that sense the paper does not meet the bar for publication.

Generated Summary 499:
A review of a paper on reinforcement learning for liver tumor ablation planning. It is a well-written, well-researched, and well-structured paper with a strong focus on the design and implementation of the model. The authors use data from a public source. The results are comparable to a conventional method while being much faster. Novelty is limited as the paper presents the use of existing methods on a different problem. It also appears to be a modified re-implementation without much detail provided.
Gold Metareview 499:
The work describes the use of RL for trajectory planning for minimally invasive liver tumor ablation. The main motivation is that RL can accelerate planning over conventional methods.

Strengths according to reviewers:
* Interesting problem.
* Relatively well written.
* Good description of RL methodology. 
* Interesting results (comparable performance to conventional method, faster inference)
* Uses public database, which may facilitate reproducibility and comparisons in future work.


Weaknesses:
* Limited novelty with respect to machine learning. Main contribution is rather the idea of using RL to improve the specific application.
* Not extensive evaluation.

Initial reviewer concerns regarding weak motivation and clarity were addressed to a significant extent, improving the manuscript, which is reflected to the increased ratings after rebuttal. 

After a very productive rebuttal and discussion period, accompanied with significant updates to the paper, there seems to be a concensus that the paper is of acceptable quality for a publication in MIDL.


Generated Summary 500:
Rating: 4: Ok but not good enough - rejection confidence: 3: The reviewer is fairly confident that the evaluation is correct ---------------- -------- ---  :  (http://www.espn.ac.uk/licenses/by-nc-sa.aspx?id=0&amp;ref=0) 
Gold Metareview 500:
The paper proposes a method to improve adversarial robustness by diversifying the ensemble. 

Novelty: As pointed out by several reviewers, promoting diversity of ensembles has been done in the literature, but there's still a moderate novelty in proposing the DML layer. 

Empirical validations: The original submission lacks many important comparisons (e.g., with [1]). Despite the authors implicitly compared their method with (Pang et al) via Auto-attack in the rebuttal, it will be better if the comparisons are conducted in a well-controlled way to confirm that the improved robustness comes from DML instead of other hyperparameter settings. Further, it is not clear whether the proposed method is robust to hyperparameters. 

Based on these, we recommend rejection but encourage the authors to improve their paper based on the comments. 

Generated Summary 501:
p.1: "There are two main assumptions ... " -- Are these assumptions or are these inputs to the problem? - or right before the conclusion in section 6 it would help to summarize that the last lemma is the final piece of the puzzle to construct M_1 and M_2 and that they have the right properties that are needed to prove the Theorem. G-identifiability is an important concept for the field of causality and it is therefore important to get it right; certainly in practice the issue of positive often gets overlooked; the correction here seems very pertinent and a new identification algorithm is provided. It seems to me that such an assumption of positivity is quite fundamental to many aspects of causal inference, and it would indeed be suspicious and need justification if a methods claims that it can do without this assumption
Gold Metareview 501:
Meta Review: In this paper, the authors revisit recent work (Lee et al., 2019) on identification of interventional distributions from a set that may include the observed data distribution and/or a set of interventional distributions.  (Lee et al., 2019) proposed a sound and complete identification algorithm for that problem.  The authors point out a critical flaw in that work: the completeness proof relies in a crucial way on absence of positivity.  However, absence of positivity (even including relaxations of positivity proposed by Shpitser and Pearl) results in the proposed algorithm not being sound, as the authors convincingly illustrate with examples.  The authors provide a repair of the algorithm proposed by (Lee et al., 2019), with new soundness and completeness proofs.

The reviewers were unanimously positive about this paper, and their questions were answered by the authors to their satisfaction.  Some reviewers pointed out that in addition to repairing a critical flaw in a recent paper, this work will also encourage authors in the causal graphical modeling community to pay more careful attention to important issues related to positivity or "overlap" assumptions.

Generated Summary 502:
Summary: This paper is a good study of distributed optimization problems. It provides lower bounds for compression/decompression problems and first-order algorithms with appropriate compression and decompression. It also studies a stylized feed-forward neural network and shows that in a particular regime, their algorithm also attains optimal communication complexity for it. Overall, I liked the paper and have currently weakly accepted it. PL and overparameterized case, and a discussion of the Lipschitz constants in terms of local and global functions
Gold Metareview 502:
This paper considers the following problem in distributed optimization: To train an overparameterized model over a set of distributed nodes, what is the minimum number of bits required to reach zero loss. The paper gives lower bounds on the bit complexity for two settings: non-convex functions satisfying a PL condition and overparameterized quadratics. The authors then give an algorithm that (1) for PL objectives, has optimal communication complexity (up to logarithmic terms in the dimension of the problem) and (2) for quadratic overparameterized objectives, attains optimal communication complexity (up to logarithmic terms) with high probability.

This paper generated significant discussion in the initial author-reviewer discussion period. Most of the reviewers were quite positive on the paper, and found the results to be interesting and relevant to the community, and found the paper to be well-written. They found the results, which provide near-optimal sample complexity for two settings (PL functions and overparameterized quadratics) to be technically strong, and were impressed by the tightness of the results. One reviewer took issue with certain limitations of the paper, including:
- A limitation of the lower bounds in the paper is that they concern only deterministic methods.
- The results are only tight with respect to the parameters $D$, $N$, and $\epsilon$, and are not necessarily tight with respect to $L$ and $\mu$.
- Some related work can be discussed in more detail.

These limitations do not seem to take away from the novelty, and neither I nor the other reviewers were convinced by the other issues raised in the discussion. As a result, I believe the paper is worth accepting as a starting point for future research in this direction. Nonetheless, the authors are encouraged to expand the discussion around these issues and limitations in the final version of the paper, as well as expand the comparison to related work.

Generated Summary 503:
Strong Accept: Technically sound, moderate-to-high impact paper, with no major concerns with respect to evaluation, resources, reproducibility, ethical considerations. Math/other details were not carefully checked. Given a model of limited knowledge about sensitive demographic attributes where each item has a corresponding distribution of probabilities over groups, and where noise is independent for each item, the work introduces a class of fairness constraints which guarantee (with high probability) both utility and (approximate) fairness. The empirical work is relatively good, but it’s hard to know if the results reflect significant improvements over state of the art. The paper is dense with many details appearing in the supplementary material. **Originality:** while this paper draws on many aspects of other work in fair ranking, the particular setting studied is original.
Gold Metareview 503:
This paper looks at the fair ranking problem, a known variant of ranking where group fairness constraints (typically hard, sometimes soft) are imposed on the traditional ranking objective, but where membership of each item to be ranked in a group (aka the sensitive attribute's value associated with that item) is unknown.  The paper provides strong theoretical results and, especially post-rebuttal, strong experimental backing of the setting at hand.  Some assumptions are relatively strong, as surfaced by reviewers (e.g., 3sFW), but by and large reviewers believed the work to be well motivated and complete, and I agree with that.

Generated Summary 504:
A method for structure learning from observational and interventional data that uses a continuous optimization method. The authors propose an iterative method, that builds on the widely accepted do-formalism. The accompanying expiremental reuslts suggest a competitve perfomance, especially regarding scaling the counts of variables. A method of structure learning for causal bayesian networks that uses continuous optimization.
Gold Metareview 504:
In this paper, the authors study how to incorporate experimental data with interventions into existing pipelines for DAG learning. Mixing observational and experimental data is a well-studied problem, and it is well-known how to incorporate interventions into e.g. the likelihood function, along with theoretical guarantees and identifiability. Ultimately there was a general consensus amongst the reviewers that without additional theoretical results to advance the state of the art, the contribution of this work is limited.

Generated Summary 505:
I found the paper interesting on several aspects. Transformers are quite new to the community, and although some methods have been described and evaluated with classical CNN, transformers were quite new. It could lead to fruitful discussions for further research on the subject. This is a very good paper, and I look forward to reading more of it. I'm not sure if I'll be able to find a copy of it in the future, but I'd like to see it.
Gold Metareview 505:
It appears as if both reviewers found some positive aspects and adapting and evaluating known techniques for OOD detection with either transformers or standard CNNs. The results are considered to be not exactly exciting and more work would be required to come to a more insightful conclusion. In summary I believe the paper is not yet quite ready for publication and could be further improved for a future date. 

Generated Summary 506:
This paper evaluates the proposed extension on the CLEVR-Mirror, Shapestacks, and COCO-2017 datasets. The authors do a great job evaluating the performance quantitatively and qualitatively, and the experiments support their claims. The paper would be stronger if the authors would show that their claims hold for more than one. This paper is a solid paper that addresses a not so well explored topic, but nevertheless important and interesting topic that would justify more research.
Gold Metareview 506:
The paper proposes to treat object-centric models with iterative refinement procedures as fixed point operations and optimize them using implicit differentiation.

Overall, the reviewers find that the contribution of the paper is somewhat novel, although similar ideas have been presented in prior work in different contexts (supervised settings). Only one reviewer was more negative before the rebuttal, eventually increasing their score after discussion with the authors.

I, therefore, recommend acceptance and encourage the authors to address the comments raised by the reviewers in the final version.

Generated Summary 507:
I found the paper very logically structured with a good introduction to the problem the authors are trying to set-up and solve. It clearly highlights how it is different from previous work [1,2], which relies on reconstruction from lower-level primitives (line, point, arc...). While I appreciate that the authors have shown extensive qualitative examples in the paper and supplementary materials, I am curious to see if a designer and/or domain expert find these learnt concepts to be useful as some of them are relatively trivial.
Gold Metareview 507:
As summarized by reviewer 5G2f, this paper proposes a novel learning-based approach to discover the modular concepts (i.e., modular structure) from raw CAD sketches. To tackle the problem, the authors first define a domain specific language (DSL) such that modular concepts can be represented in a network-friendly manner.

A Transformer-based detection module takes in a CAD sketch sequence and outputs a a set of latent embeddings, which are further decoded to parameterized modular concepts by a generation module. The whole model is trained in an end-to-end self-supervised manner, using reconstruction loss plus regularization terms.

The authors perform experiments on a large scale CAD sketch dataset and mainly demonstrate its applications for design intent interpretation (i.e., parse modular concepts from a raw CAD sketch) and auto-completion (i.e., complete a partial CAD sketch).

All reviewers recognize the novelty and contribution of this work, and the reviewer-author discussion was quite fruitful as many points, ranging from designer/user interaction, comparison to baseline methods, and issues with the library size are discussed and addressed. With such clear contribution and applicability to the CAD domain, I highly recommend the acceptance of this work.


Generated Summary 508:
1. I found the paper to be a little weak on the empirical front. I found that the paper does not offer any novel methods for each stage of the process. I would have liked to see a comparison with the latest state of the art methods for denoising and dereverberations. A single model-based GSR task for removing multiple distortions simultaneously. A two-stage-based generative framework called VoiceFixer to address the general speech restoration task. The authors report that the two proposed models outperform the well-known existing single-task speech restoration techniques in almost every speech restoration tasks described in the paper.
Gold Metareview 508:
PAPER: This paper addresses the problem of learning methods for general speech restoration which generalizes across at least 4 tasks (additive noise, room reverberation, low-resolution and clipping distortion).  The proposed approach is based on a two-stage process, which includes both analysis and synthesis stages. 
DISCUSSION: The reviewers wrote very detailed reviews which ask some important questions and point to some potential issues. The authors responded to all reviews, but only addressed a subset of the issues and questions mentioned by the reviewers. Novelty and comparison with previous approaches was one of the issues mentioned by reviewers.
SUMMARY: While reviewers are supportive of this line of research, reviewers were also concerned with the novelty of the proposed approach and details of the experiments. In its current form, the paper may not be ready for publication.

Generated Summary 509:
This paper describes a computational method to construct ideal counterfactuals and isofactuals via invertible CNNs, and uses it to reveal biases in three different datasets. The directional derivative dx/dw, in the model, is the gradient of x and dw. The gradient of the x is the dynectogram of the gradient, which is the sum of the independent factors.
Gold Metareview 509:
All the reviewers agree that the paper presents an interesting idea, and the main concern raised by the reviewers was the clarity of the paper. I believe that the authors have improved the presentation of the paper after rebuttal, however, I still believe that the paper woudl require another round of reviews before being ready for publication, in order to properly assess its contributions. 

Generated Summary 510:
Summary: This paper is a good introduction to the problem of risk-averse problem that is important in RL scenarios. The authors should consider using a more end-to-end method to replace the negative entropy as the regularizer, since you do not really care about the online gradient here. This part deservesto be better organized. The max value of t in line 2 of algorithm 1 (for t = 1, 2, ... . ) should be defined
Gold Metareview 510:
Meta Review: The paper proposes a novel quantitative measure for risk in RL. The measure is sensitive to aleatoric and epistemic risk, and avoids some theoretical issues with previously proposed additive measures of the two types of risk. The paper also proposes a novel risk sensitive RL algorithm (based on ensemble bootstrapping and distributional RL). The method performs well empirically.

Pro:
* All reviewers agree that the proposed measure and algorithm is novel, sound, and original. 
* 3 out of 4 reviewers agree that the paper is well written. 
* The topic of risk sensitive RL is timely and important - 3 out of 4 reviewers rate the potential impact as good (3).
* Empirical results justify the theoretical claims and the method performs well compared to other distributional RL methods

Con:
* In their initial assessment, reviewers point out minor technical flaws and some difficulties in understanding parts of the empirical evaluation. The authors have commented on the issues raised, but only 1 reviewer has responded to the authors' comments.
* PeBL points out a potential shortcoming w.r.t. the training protocol (splitting the data). Authors acknowledge this and point to other papers in the literature using a similar protocol.
* The method seems somewhat complicated and could perhaps be presented better - this is based on questions raised by reviewers, and these questions should be helpful for the authors to improve the camera-ready presentation.

**Justification of recommendation:** 3 of 4 reviewers are in favor of accepting the paper. The only (weakly) negative reviewer has raised some major issues that are answered in the appendix of the paper (but the reviewer did not find the appendix) and answered in other sections of the paper (as pointed out by the authors). To me, the authors have adequately addressed all major and most minor comments in their extensive response (including the major issues raised by the negative reviewer) - unfortunately only the most positive reviewer responded to the rebuttal. Taking all this information together I can still confidently recommend acceptance of the paper.


Generated Summary 511:
This paper addresses the goal recognition design problem. It provides the formal framework of the extended GRD setting and presents a simple BFS approach that uses the k-planner transformation into classical planning problems for solving GRD-APK problems. A search-based solution method is presented and a formally sound pruning procedure is presented to make this search more efficient. This paper fits in the scope of the Workshop on Goal Recognition Design.
Gold Metareview 511:
Dear Authors,
thank you very much for your submission. We are happy to inform you that
we have decided to accept it and we look forward to your talk in the workshop.
Please, go over the feedback in the reviews and correct or update your papers
in time for the camera ready date (May 24).
Best regards
HSDIP organizers

Generated Summary 512:
This paper defines a new "safety" measure for a ML model given a good reference model (normally an interpretable model). The safety measure is the maximum of outputs deviation between a target model and the reference model for some input sets. The authors then analyze the safety measure for some common ML models, including decision trees, generalized linear and additive models, tree ensembles, and piecewise Lipschitz functions.
Gold Metareview 512:
The authors propose to inspect learned models based on their maximum deviation to a reference model. They evaluate the feasibility of computing this deviation for a number of widely used model classes, including generalised linear models and decision trees. The idea is illustrated in cases studies. 

Reviewers all appreciated the novelty and importance of the proposed problem and the contributions made to examine the feasibility of solving it. Their main concerns were regarding the limited discussion on choosing the reference model and the certification set. The authors expanded greatly on this in their rebuttal and in a revision to the paper. 

The technical novelty is rather lower but the paper should not have trouble finding an audience in the NeurIPS community due to the broad applicability of the problem under consideration the clarity of the manuscript. I think the added discussion asked for by reviewers is well within what could be expected to be added for a camera-ready version (and indeed, this is already in the Appendix of the revision). 

Generated Summary 513:
Cons: This is a very good paper. I would like to know how many trials it takes to plot similarity figures (e.g., Figure 1 (a)-(b)). It would be better to try many times and give the mean and variance to avoid coincidence. Besides, will other parameters such as the number of samples and dimensions of features affect Hypothesis I? 3. Wide-ResNet28 trained with 200 epochs under suggest settings cannot converge to zero after about 200 apoks training, and the angles are approximately 10 degrees.
Gold Metareview 513:
This paper presents an intriguing empirical phenomenon in deep learning. They train a variety of architectures for different tasks using different datasets and study the relationship between the learned representations. In particular they collect the representations into a large matrix and take the top left singular vector and measure the cosine of the angle. They show that it is much smaller than one might expect, about 10 degrees or so, and has an approximate monotonicity property as the network is being trained although it does not seem to converge to zero. Moreover this measure also correlates with performance. 

The reviewers had divided opinions on this paper. On the one hand, the range of experiments is impressive and truly demonstrates that this is a pervasive phenomenon. On the other hand, it is not so clear what it means. In particular, suppose we have a collection of graphs which have close to the same degree distributions. If we take the top left singular vectors of all the adjacency matrices, they would also have low angles between them. While this is a very different setting and there is no analogy between the experiments in this paper and this toy model, it does raise philosophical questions about whether the phenomenon is meaningful or is a byproduct of something else about the data. This may be a challenging question to answer, but one reviewer brought up a natural next step: One could measure the principal angle between the subspace of the top k left singular vectors across experiments for larger values of k. The authors do bring up the point that the spectrum decays very quickly, so it could be that beyond a certain point the singular vectors behave somewhat randomly. 

Generated Summary 514:
A Reinforcement-Learning-based method to search for a non-uniform pruning strategy that will replace the uniform compression ratios used in other state-of-the-art methods. This paper leverages AutoML strategies (i.e., RL-based hyper-parameter search) to solve the network pruning problem. The overall problem is interesting, however, I am not sure how novel it is especially in the field of AutoML since there're many papers on automatically pruning the networks. The impact here is mainly on how to combine it with adversarial training.
Gold Metareview 514:
After the discussion phase, the author's resolved (nearly) all problems regarding reproducibility (although the score in the review was not updated). In addition, one reviewer also increased the score to 5 in their reply. In view of the strengths and importance of the topic, I recommend acceptance.

Generated Summary 515:
Rating: 3 to 4 - rejection confidence: 3: The reviewer is fairly confident that the evaluation is correct - rating: 4 to 5 - review: 4 We consider the human coverage as the target coverage metric? ---------------- -------- -------- ------ ----- -----  --- , ------- --- ----
Gold Metareview 515:
The reviewers agree that the paper, in its current form, is not strong enough to allow for publication.  There are specific weaknesses that need to be tackled: a better correlation study; a clearer relationship to existing literature (and improvement on the novelty); clearer, more precise use of descriptions.

The authors are encouraged to continue with their work and submit a more mature manuscript.

Generated Summary 516:
This paper is a good introduction to the ProteomeTools dataset. It is well written, and the package adds some functionality to the original database. It proposes tasks, but does not train any models to verify the utility of their dataset, or the validity of the tasks provided. This paper presents a new deep-learning ready dataset for looking at protein mass spec data. This dataset is curated and ready for benchmarking where they aggregate and align the data to a deep learning community. The authors do not clearly define in what ways PROCEPT is different from ProtiomeTool and make their original contribution unclear.
Gold Metareview 516:
Reviews were split. Reviewers agreed on the importance of the domain but differed in how they valued the contribution over ProteomeTools, which the dataset builds upon. A primary concern was lack of baselines/benchmarking. The rebuttal argues that baselines would not add much value since strong methods have been published in prior work. However, my interpretation of the reviewers ask is not to invent new heuristic baselines but to evaluate the prior methods on the newly prepared dataset. The authors do add evaluation of one such model (Prosit) to the revision. Evaluating more models in the same way could strengthen the contribution, and could be part of the ongoing maintenance of the dataset / code.

Overall, however, the majority of reviewers felt the paper does provide significant value beyond ProteomeTools and other prior work, through the new annotations, tooling, and usage recommendations. The revision adds an appendix (G) to clarify these contributions, and it may be useful to move some of that text into the intro of the paper (as I think many readers will want to know what are the main contributions beyond the base dataset). I agree with the majority that there is significant value added and recommend acceptance.



Generated Summary 517:
Theoretical Analysis of Policy Optimization in Multi-Objective Markov Decision Processes (Analysis of Multi-objective Policy Optimization) (Section D) - Accepted Anchor-changing Regularized Natural Policy Gradient (ARNPG) is a novel framework for designing policy-gradient based methods for multi-objectively MDPs which builds on first-order methods for convex optimization problems. A solid theoretical proof and a few practical examples.
Gold Metareview 517:
This paper studies multi-objective RL, and in particular the settings of smooth concave scalarization, constraints, and max-min trade-off. The authors propose a framework for these problems called “anchor changing regularized natural policy gradient” (ARNPG) and show $O(1/T)$ convergence with exact gradients. The results do not require some of the assumptions used in related works such as ergodicity. The authors evaluate their approach on tabular environments, Acrobot, and (post-rebuttal) Hopper.
The paper is well-written, the results seem correct, and the work provides a nice extension of the recent results on PG convergence to the multi-objective case. This contribution warrants acceptance despite the somewhat limited empirical evaluation. 


Generated Summary 518:
A novel method of automatic generation of variance-aware test sets for machine translation evaluation and publishes the generated test sets to promote reproducibility and to allow researchers to use the generated tests sets for evaluating machine translation models. This paper presents a technique to filter machine translation test sets in order to better evaluate and compare systems, as well as a set of test sets (for 70 language pairs) generated using this technique. The main idea is straightforward: to keep those test instances where the performance of different systems has a large variance, and filter away those who are very similar (be it because they are very easy, and all the systems get them right, or very fall such that they all fail). The resulting test sets can be evaluated and compared to the original test sets.
Gold Metareview 518:
The paper presents a new evaluation dataset for machine translation, focusing on sampling test examples that can effectively rank different systems. The evaluation set contains a wide range of language pairs (35 language pairs) and shows a higher correlation with human judgments than original, unfiltered datasets. 

All reviewers agreed that the paper points out a new perspective on the MT task, and the same idea of filtering evaluation datasets to improve discrimination ability can be applied for other tasks. The paper also includes in-depth analysis, such as what kind of sentences are getting filtered, and how it connects to human paraphrasing. My initial concern about using same models to compute variance and then to evaluate output was addressed during the rebuttal period. 

Generated Summary 519:
A label-invariant augmentation for graph-structured data. It augments the most difficult sample while keeping the label of the augmented sample the same as the original sample. Experimental results on eight graph benchmark datasets have verified the effectiveness of the proposed method. Rating: 7: Accept: Technically solid paper, with high impact on at least one sub-area, with good-to-excellent evaluation, resources, reproducibility, and no unaddressed ethical considerations. Math/other details were not carefully checked.
Gold Metareview 519:
The paper finally received three unanimous scores 6/6/7 and all the reviewers think the authors have addressed their initial concerns. The AC also think positive to this work and suggst to accept this paper.

Generated Summary 520:
Rating: 7: Acceptable: Technically solid paper, with high impact on at least one sub-area, or moderate-to-high impact on more than one areas, with good to excellent evaluation, resources, reproducibility, and no unaddressed ethical considerations. This work has revealed a serious issue of adversarial defenses on GNN: existing defense GNN models can be easily broken by applying customized adaptive attacks. Specifically, authors first categorize $45$ defense methods in literature, and develop proper methods to adaptively attack $7$ representative defense models.
Gold Metareview 520:
The recommendation is based on the reviewers' comments, the area chair's personal evaluation, and the post-rebuttal discussion. 

This paper provides novel insights into the effectiveness of various defenses proposed for graph neural networks. All reviewers find the results convincing and valuable. The authors' rebuttal has successfully addressed the reviewers' concerns. Given the unilateral agreement, I am recommending acceptance


Generated Summary 521:
This paper studies the problem of how to fine-tune a pre-trained model and obtain better results for both ID and OOD data. The theoretical results, despite studying a very simple setting that is unlikely to be used in any real experiments, offer intuitions that transferred well to practical results. This paper is clear and well written. LP-FT is a heuristic for fine tuning. It is not well known that FT often outperforms LP OOD -- the empirical and theoretical study of this phenomenon may be very important to the community
Gold Metareview 521:
The paper provides a solid and thorough analysis to the two basic methods of fine-tuning, linear probing (LP) and fine-tuning (FT). The authors provide an important and highly interesting observation about the performance of both in and out of domain (OOD) setting. They validate the known phenomena that FT outperforms LP in the in-domain (ID) setting, but demonstrate that when tested on OOD data, LP is in fact more performant and back this observation with a theoretical and empirical analysis.
The remedy provided is also a known, yet slightly less popular technique of setting the final layer (LP) first, then finte-tuning (FT-LP). The authors provide thorough experiments showing that this technique enjoys the best of both worlds, meaning ID and OOD. I found it worth noting that during the rebuttal period the authors provided experiments on additional larger scale datasets and models and the results of the paper carried over to these new setting.
The reviews agree that the analysis provided is both interesting and novel. Even though the paper does not provide a new technique, there is a consensus that the understanding it gives on known techniques is a welcome addition to ICLR.

Generated Summary 522:
A solid paper with a strong focus on the use of large variance in the loss of a model and trade-offs between regret and variance in applications like online-to-batch conversion, online learning with corrupted loss and with abstentions. It is a good paper for evaluating the quality of the work, but it is also a weak point for comparing the current work with literature. A new proof technique for online learning problems where the loss function is strongly convex and bounded, and how this new analysis leads to an additional negative term in the regret bound.
Gold Metareview 522:
The paper introduces the valuable idea of exploiting strong convexity of losses in online learning, together with variance-based regret bounds for contemporary algorithms like Squint and Metagrad, to introduce negative terms in cumulative regret bounds and make the algorithms useful in many applications such as early stopping in online-to-batch conversion and other settings. 

A dominant concern from the reviewers' side was about the amount of (technical) material packed into the paper, which was alleviated by the detailed author response. As a result, the reviewers largely agree that the paper deserves to be accepted -- an opinion which I share. 

PS. I request the author(s) to please resolve the incomplete [TODO]s in the paper checklist appropriately for the final version. 

Generated Summary 523:
This paper proposes a novel conditional manipulation method based on a single image, which is new in this area. The authors addressed this problem by proposing to learn the mapping between a set of primitive representations, which consists of edges and segmentation masks, and an image. They also adopted a thin-plate-splines transformation as augmentation which enables the model to robustly manipulate an image by editing primitives. The proposed super primitive works well for single image manipulation tasks. The technical contribution is limited. It seems that the kernel of the framework is a direct use of cGAN without introducing many new ideas.
Gold Metareview 523:
The reviews are a bit mixed. While all the reviewers feel that the paper proposed an interesting mechanism to train conditional generators from a single image and demonstrated good image editing results in the experiments, there are also common concerns about the practicality of the proposed method for interactive image editing. All the reviewers asked for the computation time, and some expressed the concerns about technical contributions. While these concerns were (somewhat) addressed in the rebuttal, the AC feels that it’s a hard sell to bet on the dramatic increase of computational capacity to make the computing time from an hour to realtime. Concerns about novelty also remained. Given the drawbacks, the final decision was to not accept. However, this work is promising and can be made stronger for publication in a later venue.

Generated Summary 524:
summary: This paper presents a new approach for inference in a model that simultaneously provides latent dynamics, initial conditions, and - importantly - external inputs. This approach is enabled by using the outcome of an optimization algorithm (iLQR) in the recognition model, recently enabled by other work in the field. This paper demonstrates the use of this approach on simulated data and real neural data, and compares to other classic and contemporary models of nonlinear dynamical systems.
Gold Metareview 524:
The paper introduces a novel control-based variational inference approach that learns latent dynamics in an *input-driven* state-space model. An optimal control solution (iLQR) is implicitly used as the recognition model which is fast and compact. Reviewers unanimously agree on the high quality writing and high significance of the work. This paper advances the horizon of nonlinear dynamical system models with unobserved input, an impactful contribution to the neuroscience and time series communities.

Generated Summary 525:
Accept: Technically solid, moderate-to-high impact paper, with no major concerns with respect to evaluation, resources, reproducibility, ethical considerations. Confidence: 3 based on a 3 out of 5 rating from a recent review of a paper. GOL is the first attempt to design an embeddding space in which the direction and distance between objects represent their order and metric relations between their ranks, by enforcing two geometric constraints: the order/rank constraint and the metric constraint reflects rank difference. Experiments on facial age estimation, historical color image classification, and aesthetic score regression demonstrate that GOL constructs effective embeddding spaces and yields rank estimation performances.
Gold Metareview 525:
This paper proposes a new approach named geometric order learning (GOL) for rank estimation. Reviewers found that the idea is novel and the paper is well written. The authors have also clearly addressed most questions from reviewers in their responses. Thus, I recommend the acceptance of this paper.

Generated Summary 526:
2.1 How can the proposed model deal with constraints that might be violated due to partial observability? For instance, if only observation $o_t$, and it is possible only with the history information, it is not possible to determine whether the constraint has been violated with only observation __t_$. Furthermore, reward and cost represent completely different values and have different scales. Rating: 6: Marginally above acceptance threshold.
Gold Metareview 526:
The goal of the paper is to learn policies that can solve a given task while adhering to certain constraints specified via natural language. The paper closely builds upon prior work on constrained RL and passes the representation of natural language constraints by pre-training an interpreter. Experiments are done in a new proposed 2D grid-world benchmark. Although reviewers liked the premise, the main issue raised is that the way natural language constraints are handled is no different from the way it is done in prior work on constrained RL. The authors provided the rebuttal and addressed some of the concerns regarding paper details. However, upon discussion post rebuttal, the reviewers and AC feel that the paper does not provide clear scientific insight because the natural language part is processed separately from the policy learning part. We also believe that the paper will immensely benefit with results in more complex environments beyond the 2D grid-world. Please refer to the reviews for final feedback and suggestions to strengthen the submission.

Generated Summary 527:
summary: Confidence: 3: This paper argues that one reason evaluating the strong Lottery Ticket Hypothesis is difficult is the lack of ground-truth tickets. They circumvent this by embedding a winning ticket in the weights at initialization and evaluating how well different methods can recover it. They should elaborate on how the insights from their approach are transferable to these methods. [1] also shows that retrained lottery tickets or rewinded lottery tickets, which also align with the common practice in network pruning, also aligns with a recent work [1].
Gold Metareview 527:
This paper takes on (in my view) one of the most important questions in the lottery ticket literature today: how small are the smallest lottery tickets that exist in our neural networks? Many methods have been proposed for finding weak lottery tickets (those that require training to reach full accuracy) and strong lottery tickets (those that do not), but we have no idea how close they come to finding the smallest lottery tickets. Moreover, in many cases, we only know how to find lottery ticket subnetworks early in training rather than at initialization. Is this a fundamental limitation on the existence of lottery tickets, or is this simply a limitation of our methods for finding them? I am personally very involved in lottery ticket conversations in the literature, and I believe I can speak with some authority when I say that these are vital questions where any progress is important.

Moreover, these are exceedingly difficult research questions, and (again, in my view) the authors should be commended for taking them on. A naive approach to these questions would involve brute force search over all possible subnetworks, which is infeasible even on the smallest of toy examples, let alone the meaningful computer vision tasks where lottery ticket work typically focuses.

I am sharing all of this information to provide background for my confident recommendation to accept this paper over the many legitimate concerns expressed by reviewers and those that I saw when reading the paper in detail. Those include that:
* This paper does not solve any of these research problems in their entirety.
* It focuses on toy networks smaller than those traditionally studied in the lottery ticket literature, and it is well known that lottery ticket behavior changes in character at larger scales.
* Planting good subnetworks may be an unrealistic proxy for the kinds of subnetworks that actually emerge naturally.
* There may be multiple good subnetworks in a network, not just the one that was planted.
* The graphs are a bit hard to read.
* I find the mix of pruning methods studied, which were designed with very different goals (pruning after training, pruning before training, finding strong lottery tickets), a bit confusing.

**The bottom line:** With all of that said, in my view, the paper asks good questions and provides an initial foothold that other researchers will be able to build on as we seek more general answers. This is similar to the contributions made by Zhou et al., which started the conversation on strong lottery tickets, and potentially even Frankle & Carbin, which kicked off the lottery ticket discussion but got many things wrong. Both papers were good first attempts at solving big problems, and both were highly influential despite their flaws. Similarly, even if this submission isn't perfect in every way, this is among the most important kinds of contributions that a paper can make. For that reason, I strongly recommend acceptance under the belief that this paper will help to foster a valuable conversation in the literature.

P.S. I really, truly, strongly beg the authors to redo their graphs following the style of some of the more user-friendly lottery ticket or pruning papers they have cited (e.g., Frankle et al., 2021). The graphs in this paper were really hard to parse. Really really really hard to parse. They're too small, the y-axis is often squished, gridlines would be helpful, the lines are overlapping in ways that are difficult to distinguish because the colors blend, etc. etc. This is quite possibly the biggest impediment I see to this paper's ability to have broader influence.

Generated Summary 528:
a 3 out of 5 based on a 4 out of 10 rating from a recent review of Physic-Informed Neural Networks (PINNs). PINN is a solid paper, with no major concerns with regard to evaluation, resources, reproducibility, ethical considerations, and the quality of the paper. It's a simple approach to solving high-dimensional PDEs, but it still has many challenges.
Gold Metareview 528:
The paper considers using neural networks to solve PDEs with complex geometry by incorporating hard constraint into the approximation function class. The method is interesting and useful for practical applications of neural-network based PDE solvers. The authors have adequately addressed the concerns by the referee. The meta-reviewer recommends acceptance of the paper. 

Generated Summary 529:
This paper proposes a perceptual reward function r(s, s_g) where 's' and 'g' are current and goal observations respectively. Its two learning processes are coupled through the mutual information criterion, which seems to result in efficient state representation learning for the visual specified goal space. Overall, the idea looks very original and promissing, but the methods are quite difficult to get, and the authors could do a better job in that respect.
Gold Metareview 529:
This paper introduces an unsupervised algorithm to learn a goal-conditioned policy and the reward function by formulating a mutual information maximization problem. The idea is interesting, but the experimental studies seem not rigorous enough. In the final version, I would like to see some more detailed analysis of the results obtained by the baselines (pixel approaches), as well as careful discussion on the relationship with other related work, such as Variational Intrinsic Control.

Generated Summary 530:
A solid paper on a new family of GNNs, GRAFF, on graphs wherein graph features are transformed according to a dynamical system given by the negative gradient of an *energy functional*, which is parameterized and learned, instead of parameterizing the iterative update itself, as the most widely used GNN architectures do. The primary value added explored in Section 4 is to the analysis (and empirics) of the ability to handle heterophilious graphs. The empirical evaluation is also relatively weak, and leaves me uncertain whether gradient flow models would enjoy widespread adoption.
Gold Metareview 530:
The authors present a graph neural network for heterophilic data using gradient flows. The proposed architecture is quite simple...large sections of the architecture are fully linear dynamical systems rather than neural networks, and still achieve roughly SotA results on standard graph learning benchmarks. There was a significant amount of disagreement between the reviewers. Some seemed to think the strength of mostly linear methods meant that the benchmarks were too easy, but these are standard graph neural network benchmarks. A simple model performing well is not a negative, and can often be useful for puncturing hype (e.g. https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.13211). Simple architectures can also be useful for providing analytic insights which might get obscured in more complex models. Some reviewers seemed concerned about the scaling of certain tools (e.g. graph Laplacian eigenvectors), but these tools are only used for analysis, not for training. Nevertheless, I feel that there were enough general concerns around the paper that I have a difficult time recommending acceptance. Even if the purpose of the paper is primarily to drive analytic insights rather than achieve SotA results on big benchmarks, I would recommend the authors to show how these analytic insights can be used to improve models on big datasets to strengthen the paper.

Generated Summary 531:
Confidence: 3: The reviewer is fairly confident that the evaluation is correct. The work is clearly motivated: inverse problems (e.g. inpainting and denoising) are common in medical imaging pipelines. Improving performance on this task is of clinical significance. Although there are no major weaknesses, the results could be presented with error bars from repeated runs. This would further increase confidence that the performance improvements are not due to chance. However, the authors state that: "we show that all former Bayesian approaches to DIP show overfitting". However, it seems they test against two other bayesian DIP methods.
Gold Metareview 531:
This paper introduces a new Bayesian approach to deep image prior using mean-field variational inference, where the goal is to enable pixel-wise uncertainty quantification, and mitigate the need for early stopping regularisation.  The paper defines a prior distribution in a Bayesian setting to learn the parameters of the weight prior, targeting an improvement in the quality of the reconstructed images for inversion problems (i.e., denoising, super-resolution and inpainting).  All reviewers demonstrated full support for the publication of the paper and the questions were more about clarifications about claims, experiments, etc.  I also support the publication of this paper, and encourage the authors to address the main comments by the reviewers.


Generated Summary 532:
confidence: 3: The reviewer is fairly confident that the evaluation is correct, and the paper is well written and suitable for the workshop. The authors did not discuss the choice of the approximation in detail in detail. I found the paper well-organized and clearly conveyed what the authors try to express. The preliminary results are also convincing enough to support their arguments. Also, more numerical shreds of evidence shall be desired since the current one only shows a comparison of mean and std.
Gold Metareview 532:
This paper considers extending Physics Informed Neural Networks (PINNs) to stochastic PDEs and thereby be able to quantify uncertainties in their predictions. The authors may consider this opportunity to extend the experimental section to address limitations of the work that has been flagged by reviewers.

Generated Summary 533:
Positives: a solid paper with no major concerns with respect to evaluation, resources, reproducibility, ethical considerations, and a clear explanation of the task of quantile regression in a survival analysis context. The authors only consider lognormal model as their baseline and the reason is that they believe "this distribution often suits properties of real-world time-to-event survival data." Why do you believe so? - "
Gold Metareview 533:
This paper studies the quantile regression of censored data. Neural network models are used as the statistical model. Numerical results show the proposed algorithm is computationally efficient and attains high prediction accuracy compared to existing methods. Since reviewers agree that this paper is well written and interesting, I recommend accepting the paper.

Generated Summary 534:
### Weaknesses: ### Lack of comparison / discussion about "calibration" literature** This paper proposes a variant of the inductive conformal prediction framework where a p-value is computed as a measure for OOD-ness. Finally, the OOD samples are detected by thresholding the 'p'-values. MaSF method achieves comparable or better results than GRAM (Sastry and Oore, 2019), ResFlow (Zisselman and Tamar, 2020), and Mahalanobis (Lee et al., 2018).
Gold Metareview 534:
The paper considers the empirical distribution of layer/channel in CNN ,and proposes to use global null tests with Simes and Fisher statistics to aggregate the p-values. This method is competitive while computationally efficient. The underlying theoretical insights are discussed in detail.

The paper received mixed ratings, and the discussions weren't active. So, AC carefully read the paper and inspected all reviews. Reviewer a8KZ comments were factually inaccurate in listing references, and lack substantial feedback on the actual content of the paper. Hence, the review was down-weighted. 

The other negative reviewer Ni17, as an OoD expert, unfortunately did not offer more feedback to author rebuttals. From what AC comprehends, the authors should have clarified their The theoretical guarantee and compared properly with Liu et. al. 2020 energy-score (ES).

Considering the above, AC feels that the study deserves to be published.

Generated Summary 535:
This paper analyzes the multi-head attention in transformers and suggests to use collaboration instead of concatenation of multiple heads. Empirical results on WMT’16 English-German demonstrates that the proposed approach didn’t speed up the training, even though it gives an improvement in terms of FLOPS. This may limit to the large scale of BERT pre-training. -- From Figure 3 and Table 2, even reducing the $hatD_k$ from 768 to 128, the total number of parameters of pretrained models (e.g. BERT-base) only reduces from 108.3M to 96.6M. However, the performance has dropped significantly (83.0 -> 77.6 GLUE score) in the BERT base setting. This paper presents an interesting collaborative MHA to enable heads to share projections, which can be easily applied to most existing transformer-based models, including NMT and pre
Gold Metareview 535:
This paper proposes an interesting collaborative multi-head attention (MHA) method to enable heads to share projections, which can reduce parameters and FLOPs of transformer-based models without hurting performance on En-De translation tasks. For pre-trained language models, a tensor decomposition method is used to easily covert the original MHA to its collaborative version without retraining. 

This paper receives 3 weak reject and 1 weak accept recommendations. On one hand, all the reviewers agree that the paper is well motivated and the proposed idea is interesting. On the other hand, all the reviewers also commented that the current empirical results and comparisons are weak, which are not enough to support the paper's main claim. From the current results, it is difficult to draw a conclusion that collaborative MHA is better. 

Specifically, (i) From Table 2, it can be seen that the proposed method is not effective for pre-trained models, i.e., even if the model size is not reduced much, the performance can be dropped significantly. (ii) More experiments, such as QA, more translation/generated tasks will make this paper more convincing. (iii) More rigorous experiments are needed to justify the practical value of the proposed method. If the authors try to emphasize that they go beyond practical realm, then probably a careful re-positioning of the paper is needed, which may not be a trivial task. 

The rebuttal unfortunately did not fully address the reviewers' main concerns. Therefore, the AC regrets that the paper cannot be recommended for acceptance at this time. The authors are encouraged to consider the reviewers' comments when revising the paper for submission elsewhere.

Generated Summary 536:
Summary: This paper is well written. The algorithms and theoretical results are presented in an accessible way and discussed in detail. The results seem to be competitive. It should be noted in Table 1 that the complexity does not exactly match that of Karimireddy et al. [2020]. I am not sure when Assumption 4 actually holds in practice with a small alpha = o(n) sum_j w(j) for all agents. This means all epsilon could be dependent in some way and thus alpha should be the same order as n.
Gold Metareview 536:
Meta Review: The authors have addressed the reviewers’ concerns. All the reviewers are not against the publication of the paper. Please add the discussion with the reviewer into the final version, especially the discussion on Assumption 4. The authors should also add the new empirical results too. 

Generated Summary 537:
This paper addresses the problem of unsupervised image to image translation without making any assumptions about the existence of input pairs or input sets. To solve this task, the authors utilize a guiding network that generates a pseudo label (domain label) as well as a style code which are then provided to a generator network. The generator given a source image produces an output that follows the structure of the source yet preserves the style and "domain" details of the reference image.
Gold Metareview 537:
This paper defines a truly unsupervised image translation scenario. Namely, there are no parallel images or domain labels. To achieve robust performance in this scenario, the authors use 1) clustering and 2) generator-discriminator structure to map images from different domains and generate images for target domains.  

In all, all the reviewers agree that this definition of unsupervised image translation is interesting. However, there are also several concerns for the real-world practical application and empirical results.  Unlike unsupervised text translation whose target language is known, the truly unsupervised image translation is difficult to make sense without identifying what is the target domain. This limits the contribution of this paper to some specific tasks instead of more general tasks. For the empirical results, the selection of data and the hyperparameter K do not convince the reviewers.



Generated Summary 538:
Recommendation: Weak Accept: This paper presents a new neural network that is able to modify its own weights, known as the self-modifying network. This paper is a good introduction to the field of neural networks, and a great introduction to neural networks in general. It is also a useful introduction to a wide range of topics in neuroscience, such as neurophysiology, neuropsychology, and neuroscience.
Gold Metareview 538:
This is exciting work that demonstrates the ability of self-modifying networks to solve meta-reinforcement learning problems. The reviewers all agree that this is strong work, and the authors have convincingly addressed most of the concerns the reviewers brought up during the reviewing phase. There are a few lingering questions about the applicability of the baselines, but these are quite minor. The authors have further promised to add analytical comparisons and additional details /motivation on the Hebbian update. Given this, I view this paper quite positively and encourage the authors to integrate the additional experiments and details they mentioned in the feedback stage.

Generated Summary 539:
A GAN-based architecture for generating synthetic time series for regular and irregular time series. The authors present a time series GAN architecture that uses neural ODEs and continuous time-flow processes to generate synthetic time sequences qualitatively and quantitatively according to the conducted experiments. Strengths: The studied problem is valuable for the field of machine learning. This paper is a must-read for machine learning researchers and engineers alike.
Gold Metareview 539:
This paper presents a new model for time series data that can handle data sampled at irregular time intervals.  The proposed model makes extensive use of continuous time processes in a GAN framework.  Experiment results show that the proposed model consistently outperforms existing approaches.  All reviewers lean on the accept side and I support that consensus.

Generated Summary 540:
## Pros - This paper provides a systematic comparison between several detection transformer variants, from the perspective of positional encoding and attention mechanism, as summarized in Table 1. ## Cons - The novelty of this paper is very limited, the idea of using explicit positional priors to accelerate training and improve explainability has already been adopted in Deformable, Conditional, and Anchor DETR. This paper only makes a combination of those methods, while offering little novel insights.
Gold Metareview 540:
Somewhat borderline paper given the scores, but leaning on the side of accepting mostly because the positive (and weak positive) reviews are a little more persuasive. The negative review is a bit of an outlier; the main issues raised in the negative review are that the novelty is on the lower side or otherwise that the work is incremental. These complaints are largely not shared by the other reviewers, and furthermore seem not like deal-breakers. Still a borderline paper, but fairly safe to accept.

Generated Summary 541:
A meta-gradient approach to bilevel optimization in discrete graph data using a greedy selection approach. The aim of the paper is to use meta-learning to attack the graph learning models (GCN, CLN, DeepWalk). However, the motivation in using meta- learning to solve the bi level optimization problem is not very clear to me, e.g., what are the advantages it can offer? This paper studies the problem of learning a better poisoned graph parameters that can maximize the loss of a graph neural network. The proposed using meta learning to compute the second-order derivatives to get the meta-gradeients Rating: 6: Marginally above acceptance threshold confidence: 4: The reviewer is confident but not absolutely certain that the evaluation is correct, based on a few data sets and experimental results.
Gold Metareview 541:
 The paper proposes an method for investigating robustness of graph neural nets for node classification problem; training-time attacks for perturbing graph structure are generated using  meta-learning approach. Reviewers agree that the contribution is novel and empirical results support the validity of the approach.
 

Generated Summary 542:
This paper proposes a novel clustering technique that combines the self-organising map (SOM) ideas with the differentiable quantized clustering ideas of VQ-VAE (van den Oord et al, 2017). This paper presents an interesting problem as learning an interpretable representation in Time Series data is important in areas such as health care and business. However, the presentation of this paper is a bit difficult to follow.
Gold Metareview 542:
This paper combines probabilistic models, VAEs, and self-organizing maps to learn interpretable representations on time series. The proposed contributions are a novel and interesting combination of existing ideas, in particular, the extension to time-series data by modeling the cluster dynamics. The empirical results show improved unsupervised clustering performance, on both synthetic and real datasets, compared to a number of baselines. The resulting 2D embedding also provides an interpretable visualization.

The reviewers and the AC identified a number of potential weaknesses in the presentation in the original submission: (1) there was insufficient background on SOMs, leaving the readers unable to comprehend the contributions, (2) some of the details about the experiments were missing, such as how the baselines were constructed, (3) additional experiments were needed in regards to the hyper-parameters, such as number of clusters and the weighting in the loss, and (4) Figure 4d required a description of the results.

The revision and the comments by the authors addressed most of these comments, and the reviewers felt that their concerns had been alleviated.

Thus, the reviewers felt the paper should be accepted.

Generated Summary 543:
This paper lacks experiments to show its real contributions. Self-supervised contrastive loss can achieve similar performance as SimCLR with less than half of the compute. This paper does not compare with any of the existing semi-supervised learning methods (e.g. FixMatch). The reviewer is absolutely certain that the evaluation is correct and very familiar with the relevant literature. [...] Overall, the paper is well written and the results part is well structured. [...]
Gold Metareview 543:
The paper proposes to speed-up self-supervised learning for semi-supervised learning by combining self-supervised pretraining and supervised fine-tuning into a single objective. The proposed supervised loss builds on Neighbourhood Components Analysis and soft nearest neighbor losses. Most reviewers are concerned about the novelty of the approach and the significance of empirical results. I agree with both concerns. I appreciate the comparison between $\log \sum \exp$ and $\sum \log \exp$, but it seems a simpler cross entropy loss also achieves a similar goal (potentially somewhat slower). I believe adding more experiments comparing different supervised loss functions across different architectures can help improve the paper.


Generated Summary 544:
This paper addresses the problem of heterogeneous meta-learning where each task resides in a different feature space from the other tasks. The main challenge lies in the supervision needed to train the alignment matrix or function. The ground-truth feature alignment matrix is almost impractical to collect, if the dimension of features is super large and we have no knowledge of the semantic correspondence between two features from two tasks. This paper provides an interesting direction in the few-shot classification field. In particular, it proposes a model that learns to align different predictor schemas to a common representation. It tackles the problem by using 1D convolution (three of them) to transform the input features to the K-features target space and learning the alignment from the data itself.
Gold Metareview 544:
After carefully going through the reviews and rebuttal, and looking at the content of the paper as well, I feel there are some issues with the current manuscript. As also pointed out by AnonReviewer5 and AnonReviewer2, the text lacks clarity. From specifically defining what a schema is, to being more explicit about the limitation of the work. 
I understand that the authors are interested in a largely unexplored setting, and hence there might not be a lot of prior work to cement the evaluation protocol. Particularly because of this I think such papers need to be upfront and clear not only in what is the setting and what is the evaluation but also what are the limitations and open problems. 

I do agree that there is value in this direction of research, and that the idea of re-ordering the features using attention (which I have to agree it is reminiscent of Bahdanau et al., ICLR 2015 -- though the semantics of it and its purpose makes it novel here) might be a way forward. But I do think for the paper to make an impact (and be ICLR ready) it needs more work both in the writing and maybe on the experimental side as well (consider some more complex task, or be more explicit on what is the common aspect between tasks in the distribution that can allow chameleon to work)

Generated Summary 545:
A well-documented and explained benchmark for brain tumor classification and patch-based contrastive representation learning. The authors well documented the need for this dataset through their prior work and sound arguments regarding the specifications of an ideal system for brain tumour surgery. Additionally, enough details are provided for reproducibility. OpenSRH and light-microscopic (traditional) histopathology - this is a very strong contribution to the literature/NeurIPS
Gold Metareview 545:
There are contrasting review rating ranging from 9 to 3. The reasonable concerns about this paper not been well validated for ML community. The proposed datasets has been benchmarked with some classical and some relevant DL methods. I have taken into account the expertise of reviewers and their concerns carefully. I do agree with some reviewers opinion about this dataset will be importance to medical CV community. I do agree with authors response "The open questions for the ML community that OpenSRH may foster innovative discoveries include the following: 1) domain adaptation between SRH images and other histology images such as H&E images in the large scale TCGA project; 2) using multiple instance learning (MIL) to avoid expensive dense patch annotations; 3) different aggregation methods for patch-based training, including clustering, attention, or MIL; 4) self supervised learning and comparing different augmentation strategies for SRH images; and 5) data efficient training of ViT architectures using SRH data. " Even though the authors have not verified these innovative applications on the openSRH dataset. I will go with acceptance opinion of few reviewers for this paper.

Generated Summary 546:
Accept: Technically solid, moderate-to-high impact paper, with no major concerns with respect to evaluation, resources, reproducibility, ethical considerations. Math/other details were not carefully checked. This paper focuses on learning index with dynamic prediction error. In the practical deployment of indexing data structure, the approximation error can vary due to the computation budget. Moreover, the dynamic epsilon setting would benefit the robustness of the index over the adversary. The current presentation can be improved with answers to the questions in the previous sections.
Gold Metareview 546:
All of the reviewers recommended acceptance, but the support was lukewarm, with the maximum score being “Weak Accept”. There were concerns about the limited applicability of the proposed method and lack of clarity of some of the arguments in the paper. Although the reviewers appreciated the mathematical foundations and experimental results, the negatives outweighed the positives. 

Generated Summary 547:
SVRG and the greedy-GQ in the optimization community. It provides a finite-time analysis of the proposed algorithm in the off-policy and Markovian sampling setting (convergence to the stationary point) and improves the sample complexity from the order $epsilon-3$ to $eppsilón-2$ comparing with the vanilla greedy GQ ("Online, incremental, with memory and per-time-step computation costs that are linear in the number of features").
Gold Metareview 547:
**Overview** This paper provides a way to combine SVRG and greedy-GQ to improve the algorithm performance. In particular, the finite iteration complexity is improved from $\epsilon^{-3}$ to $\epsilon^{-2}$.

**Pros** The paper is well-written. Reviewers believe this is a solid theoretical work on advancing value-based algorithms for off-policy optimal control. It has sufficient theoretical advancement and experiments demonstrations of the methods. 

**Cons** Some reviewers are concerned that SVRG is not SOTA. SVRG is not used in practice. The techniques appear to be similar to some existing works. 

**Recommendation** The meta-reviewer believes that the paper has solid theoretical contributions. SVRG is a component in the new algorithm to improve the complexity. It does not need to be "useful" or "SOTA". The paper is also well-written. Hence the recommendation is accept.

Generated Summary 548:
Rating: 7: Good paper, accept confidence: 3: The reviewer is fairly confident that the evaluation is correct, i give this paper an accept. i will not change my score. ... A method to verify local robustness networks with piecewise-linear activation functions, providing tighter bounds than existing approximate verification approaches while scaling to deeper networks than existing complete verifiers. FastLin version, but it's a good way to test the robustness of large neural networks with ReLU as activation [...]
Gold Metareview 548:
The paper presents a sound and efficient (but not complete) algorithm for verifying that a piecewise-linear neural network is constant in an Lp ball around a given point. This is a significant contribution towards practical protection from adversarial attacks with theoretical guarantees. The proposed algorithm is shown to be sound (that is, when it returns a result, that result is guaranteed to be correct) and efficient (it is easily parallelizable and can scale to large networks), but is not complete (there exist cases where the algorithm will return "I don't know"). The experiments show good results in practice. The reviewers are positive about the paper, and most initial concerns have been addressed in the rebuttal, with the paper improving as a result. Overall, this is an important contribution worth communicating to the ICLR community, so I'm happy to recommend acceptance.

Generated Summary 549:
summary: Confidence: 1: This paper studies the extrapolation of machine learning models to unseen regions, and specifically studies two types of biases: feature-level bias and exemplar-vs-rule bias (differences in how these learned features are used for generalization) . The synthetic experiment on 2D inputs demonstrate the effectiveness of the measure. The authors are confident that you did not understand some parts of the submission or that you are unfamiliar with some pieces of related work.
Gold Metareview 549:
The paper proposes a novel protocol for examining the inductive biases in learning systems, by quantifying the exemplar-rule trade-off (as measured by the exemplar-vs-rule propensity (EVR) defined in Eq. (2)) while controlling for feature-level bias. 

Reviewers mostly agree that the problem studied in this paper is practically relevant and that the two bias measures are potentially interesting and (jointly) more informative than existing measures such as spurious correlation. However, a shared concern among the reviewers (with confidences scores >=3) is the clarity of the exposition (e.g., many key concepts such as the data conditions are informally specified [Section 2 (Reviewer TPBn)], some key messages not clearly conveyed in the main paper [Section 3 (Reviewer RJtk)], and results inconclusive or not sufficiently supported by the experimental results [for both the synthetic setting (Reviewer RJtk) and the real-world setting (Reviewer yoH5)]. Based on the above concerns, the reviewers were not convinced that this work is well supported in its current state to merit acceptance for publication.

